Title: Should the United States Eliminate Its European Military Bases?
Posted by AngeloDeOrva
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/Should_the_United_States_Eliminate_Its_European_Military_Bases

Comments:

What reason is there to keep them? Russia isn't going to attack any
European nation especially ones which are part of the EU or allied
with the US. Also the European nations are stronger now and under the
EU even more capable to defend against any smaller nation. Keeping
bases in Europe stretches our troops and adds a presence that not
everyone wants. Just because the leaders of the nations want a US
military base doesn't mean the citizens want it. As much as some would
like to believe the US isn't appoint from some Higher power to defend
the world. Also the US would consider it an insult and security issue
if another nation were to even suggest placing one of their military
bases in America, so why should America have a higher status among
other nations such that it can create bases without true resistance?
Alleviating the pressure US military bases create and further
concentrating our troops closer to home, or in areas where real
trouble exists is more beneficial to everyone involved.
[Posted by ta9798 at 2008-06-29T20:42:26+00:00 - Side: Yes, most or all.]

I believe the US should become like Switzerland. No other country has
military bases in the United States. We wouldn't permit that! Yet we
believe we can have military bases in other countries. This WWII and
Cold War mentality have drained our treasury, cost the lives of our
service men and women and created a contempt for the US that has
replaced admiration for our freedom and opportunity. We don't need to
be the world policeman. Close all the bases overseas, tell other
countries that we won't interfere in their internal disputes and if
any other country messes with us, we will retaliate. The risk? I
believe we will reduce our risk of attack because, like Switzerland,
we won't be as provocative. We save money, we regain respect, we can
be proud of America.
[Posted by Vizion at 2008-06-24T22:08:12+00:00 - Side: Yes, most or all.]

There is no need for military bases in Europe. At this point in time,
any conflict between European nation-states is highly unlikely due to
the formation of the EU, which ties the economies of Europe together.
If there is a terror attack in Europe, they can deal with it -- they
aren't as weak as they were before, plus they know how to deal with
terror attacks better: ignoring them socially, while furiously working
behind the scenes to catch the terrorists.
[Posted by Tenku at 2008-06-25T16:28:12+00:00 - Side: Yes, most or all.]

I can't think of any real reason why we still have our troops over
there. The countries in Europe have there own military to use in case
of an attack. Their is no real imminent threat of attack or anything
that would justify having troops over their. It costs us a lot of
money to keep troops in foreign nations. We also are spreading our
forces out way too much and don't have nearly enough to defend our own
country.
[Posted by jal1337 at 2008-06-28T14:12:48+00:00 - Side: Yes, most or all.]

I am still in the dark as to why we have them there, honestly. The
Soviet Union is gone, Russia is barely able to control its own
territory, and the European Union has plenty of military capability of
its own. Even if there is still a threat from Russia, "Islamic
Fundamentalists", Aliens, The United States, or other aggressive
entities I am fairly certain they can be combated just as effectively
with far fewer American military bases. The combined European GDP is
about the same as the U.S.'s, perhaps more; it has the money to raise
the same military force as the United States (if not the political
will). We don't need to be paying for European defense anymore; the
threat isn't as great nor is it shared by both Europe and the United
states to the same effect. Islamic terrorism is hardly a military
problem; most of it is espionage and police work. Russia's GDP is far
smaller than the EU's; its military is out of date; a sagging,
hulking, brittle shell. The Europeans are more than a match for them
should trouble arise; though without the U.S. with them their
political clout is diminished (somewhat). Though, who knows, perhaps
without the fatherly protection of the US the Europeans may grow a
back-bone and seek to solve their own problems for a change. Though,
let's hope they don't do it in the traditional European way (dragging
each other and the world into massive wars).
[Posted by AngeloDeOrva at 2008-06-23T23:03:16+00:00 - Side: Yes, most or all.]

Speaking as a former US Marine, there are many reasons to retain a
military presence in tactical locations around the world--including
Europe. The foremost is that friendly countries change their minds all
the time. In one scuffle country x is our buddy then in the next,
country x is on the other side. Europe may have shown to be pro-US for
the last 50 years, but that is a negligible amount of time
historically. It's mostly about logistical deployment. Say some ex-
Soviet-Bloc country or region gets out of hand and attacks the US
embassy there. The US would have to fly half way around the world to
rescue civilians--including innocent tourists. With bases in Europe
and beyond, the rescue teams can arrive in just a few hours--saving
more American lives. Additionally, the countries who harbor US
military personnel gain economically from the business generated as
well as can be assured strength should they be attacked or suffer some
catastrophe. The final reason for maintaining bases in Europe has
nothing to do with any part of Europe. The military has several
intelligence outposts in Europe which are focused on the Mideast,
Asia, and Africa. These tools allow America to continue to collect
information on terrorist organizations in conjunction with the EU for
the safety of all.
[Posted by Tamisan at 2008-06-24T11:07:00+00:00 - Side: Logistics and Intel]

	You're assuming that the host country would actually allow the U.S.
	to make such a deployment over their skies/land. If we've learned
	anything it's that many times other countries don't want to be
	involved in our scuffles. Also, take a hard look at Germany and the
	army bases there. They were placed there to keep the peace after WW2.
	Um, there's peace now. So why not redeploy them somwhere else.. say
	the middle east? Lastly, sure we help the economy of Germany, but is
	it helping ours? Not if the money is spent there. The last thing we
	should worry about is their economy. Let their own government work on
	that. I definitely feel some bases should be eliminated. At the very
	least, removed from their current location and placed in better areas.
	[Posted by Cdelvalle at 2008-06-24T15:54:10+00:00 - Side: Yes, most or all.]

		"You're assuming that the host country would actually allow the U.S.
		to make such a deployment over their skies/land." No, actually I'm
		AFFIRMING that they let us do so. As part of the "rental agreement" we
		have the right to fly/hover/drive/pass through their land and air
		space. Otherwise the base would be pretty much useless The bases in
		Germany were not ONLY placed there to keep peace, they were also
		placed there as tactical central locations. You may be focused on the
		US economy, but that's tunnel-vision. We're in a global economy.
		Ensuring the stability of the EU (including Germany) helps stabilize
		the global economy and in turn ensures purchases of US items. Of
		course this breaks down when we talk about China, but that's not the
		focus of this discussion. ;)
		[Posted by Tamisan at 2008-06-26T10:09:15+00:00 - Side: Stability and economics]

Logistics and supply chain are the strongest reasons to keep European
military bases. With our own bases, we can rapidly deploy wherever
needed, and keep supplies flowing to troops engaged in military
activities. It seems strange though that we have bases in Europe and
elsewhere in the world, but as far as I know, we have no foreign bases
in the US. Local economic benefits are up to the host nation. If it
wasn't in their best interest to have a base, then they wouldn't let
us have one. Overall, bases strengthen our strategic position and give
us an edge in global conflicts.
[Posted by gunman at 2008-06-24T12:40:46+00:00 - Side: Logistics and Intel]

	If logistics and supply chain are the strongest reasons to keep
	European military bases than wouldn't it behoove efficiency to
	minimize the number of bases to the optimal number? It is less
	efficient to have hundreds of small and medium sized bases than to
	have a dozen or so large ones. Think about how UPS operates in Europe.
	[Posted by Loudacris at 2008-06-24T12:48:42+00:00 - Side: Yes, most or all.]

		As a person who's been dealing with logistics for a while now, it's
		actually better, especially when you're talking about a global scale,
		to have a little of everything everywhere. Think of it like neurons in
		a brain, or the nervous system of the body. If you have too much in
		one place, it would impede the process at which the facility operates,
		and it would take longer to get quick supplies somewhere if something
		breaks out and you need near-instant reaction time. With 'hundreds" of
		smaller bases, if something happens to where they need more supplies
		or troops in one region, rather than sending a shitload of
		reinforcements from one place to the other, you can have every small
		base send a little of something and it would all arrive without delay
		or having to deal with air traffic coming and going from the same
		places. Also, you would have to have a lot of people stationed at a
		larger base than a small one to deal with inventory, and that only
		complicates things. Then you have to deal with a large inventory too,
		which doesn't help in reflex situations. If you still don't get it,
		play starcraft. You always need your outposts, without them you'll be
		reduced to Zerg food before you get one marine deployed... unless of
		course you're Protoss... but unfortunately America is not Protoss .
		[Posted by Bradf0rd at 2008-06-24T14:00:13+00:00 - Side: No,we still need them.]

I say no, not because we need them, but because other countries in
europe do. I mean, c'mon! We have the most agressive military in the
world! If a war breaks out in europe (which they often do) we will be
right there to end it ASAP!
[Posted by altarion at 2008-06-24T23:26:42+00:00 - Side: No,we still need them.]

	It's not America's responsibility or right to stop war in Europe.
	THat's what the europeans are supposed to do on their own (unless they
	want our help and ask for it).
	[Posted by Cdelvalle at 2008-06-25T22:29:51+00:00 - Side: Yes, most or all.]

		which is presicely why we should stay. if they request our help don't
		you think that it'll be quicker if we are already there than if we are
		back in america?
		[Posted by altarion at 2008-06-25T23:15:06+00:00 - Side: No,we still need them.]

			If they want to pay for our army to sit there and guard them, then
			you know what, that's not a bad deal. But we spend money to keep our
			troops there? Just in time to rack another $700B trade deficit and
			nearly $500B budget deficit? At a time when the U.S. economy is
			falling apart due to lax monetary policy, a massive accumulation of
			debt, and systematic devaluation of the dollar... the first thing we
			need to do is cut costs and get spending back in line with reality.
			What's happening in the US economy right now is affecting the world a
			hell of alot more than the effects that removing some bases would
			have. And one of those cost cuts should be in bases that could afford
			to be eliminated.
			[Posted by Cdelvalle at 2008-06-30T17:58:54+00:00 - Side: No,we still need them.]

The United States should eliminate any European military bases. We
have far exceeded our welcome there. Why do we really need to be
there?
[Posted by PrayerFails at 2010-04-10T21:24:20+00:00 - Side: No,we still need them.]

Although I do question why the military is there in the first place,
to retract them now would be a sign of weakness, and I don't think the
US is very keen about that, nor do I think it would be a good thing.
The military bases were put there when US were expanding its
influences. If we are to remove them, it should be done in a slow and
paced manner, when it comes to that.
[Posted by zhangnian at 2015-01-17T20:54:59+00:00 - Side: No,we still need them.]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
