Title: What is a Liberal and what is a Conservative?
Posted by Amarel
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/What_is_a_Liberal_and_what_is_a_Conservative

Comments:

From the right: Atheistic modern remnants of the socialistic hippy
movement who see the Constitution as an impediment to their wealth
destroying re-distributive programs designed to uplift the lazy at the
expense of the hard working. Also they're gay. From the left: They
hold freedom as the ideal while recognizing that a hungry person
cannot be free. When conditions of excess co-exist with destitution,
those with more than they could ever hope to use must be made to help
the society from which they have gained so much. The maximization of
freedom enhances the economic conditions of all and allows us an ever
increasing number of rights which must be codified into law. Justice
must be maintained socially and economically as well as in the
criminal courts.
[Posted by Amarel at 2015-02-26T19:30:11+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

Conservatives must either be the most stupid people alive or the most
devious. We have fools constantly talking about feeding the poor when
what they actually mean is handing out credit card food stamps that
can be traded for cash, alcohol, drugs, gambling, etc. Then when
Liberals speak out on this insanity, Conservatives call them heartless
racists or a million other insults. Liberals would have these so
called "starving" able bodied people getting off their lazy butts and
standing in food bank lines. Do you understand how many billions that
would save tax payers? This annoyance of standing in food bank lines
would also get them to find jobs but of course this is not what these
so called compassionate Conservatives want them to do. They want them
tied to social programs so they keep voting Republican. Conservatives,
tell me why you are so opposed to making it harder for able bodied
people to use our social programs. What's wrong with able bodied
people standing in food bank lines? Any person with an ounce of shame
should be thankful for free food no matter how he gets it. Now be sure
to spew the same ludicrous excuses by talking about the children and
disabled and sick people ok? Make sure you once again show us all what
total fools you are.
[Posted by Cuaroc at 2015-02-27T00:14:52+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

	We are not here to attack personal beliefs and character. Therefore,
	please do not give the rest of the liberals a bad rap by calling
	names. Let us professionally debate this subject. I believe that
	liberalism is the preferred method to revitalize America; however, I
	find it odd that conservatives feature liberal diplomacy, while
	liberals prefer a more conservative approach to diplomatic relations.
	[Posted by colincamp512 at 2015-03-08T20:49:22+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

		I'll catch you up to speed. The post by Cuaroc was actually meant as
		to mock the post on the other side of the debate by FromWithin. I
		don't believe Cuaroc actually takes the stated position, at least not
		whole heartedly.
		[Posted by Amarel at 2015-03-08T21:00:35+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

Liberalism within the united states is an ideology that tends to
promote positive freedoms economically, and negative freedoms
socially. This means that a modern American Liberal will tend to favor
social programs in order to provide positive freedoms that allow
members of lower socio-economic areas to achieve that which they
wouldn't be able to without said programs. Liberals tend to favor
negative freedoms for social issues, preferring the government to stay
out and allow individuals to go about their lives unimpeded. Examples
of this would be topics such as same-sex marriage or religion. Of
course there are exceptions, such as the propensity for liberals to
support increased gun control. Liberalism also tends to favor
multiculturalism, believing that there are very positive aspects to
bringing together and valuing multiple cultural groups. Liberals also
tend to (but not always) value progressivism, which believes in
focusing on "advances" in just about all aspects of society. Though
individuals of other ideologies may not agree that all things
supported by progressive Liberals are "advances", progressives believe
that they are promoting a continuation of advancement in society in
order to leave behind what they believe to be antiquated paradigms,
institutions, etc.
[Posted by GenericName at 2015-02-27T00:22:53+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

Liberal open to change Conservative opposed to change This is the
bottom line of both parties as well the general definition of these
words.
[Posted by Thewayitis at 2015-02-27T02:11:13+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

The function of liberalism is change for survival of the nation,
while the function of conservatism is to obstruct change "to conserve"
old ideas.
[Posted by 14giraffes at 2015-02-27T18:09:57+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

	I would suggest instead that liberalism and conservatism do not
	function independently, but rather are mutually dependent upon one
	another to produce a positive social function. Conservatism tempers
	the pace of change introduced by liberalism to allow for gradual
	social reconfiguration. Liberalism prevents social stagnation that
	would occur if conservatism existed independently. On their own these
	ideologies are dysfunctional; it is through their concurrence that
	they produce a social function.
	[Posted by Jace at 2015-02-28T09:26:10+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

	I'm glad we've moved past the definitions, no one believes them
	anyway. So 14, you believe that the function of conservatism is to
	hinder the survival of the nation?
	[Posted by Amarel at 2015-02-27T19:47:43+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

		Not in all nations at all times, but the GOP in america today are
		$avage$. Correct me if I am wrong on this, but as far as I know only
		one of the potential republican presidential candidates for 2016
		believes that humans are influencing climate change with CO2, namely
		Chris Christie. We're doomed.
		[Posted by 14giraffes at 2015-03-01T00:15:53+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

			WhT do you suppose they believe their function to be? .
			[Posted by Amarel at 2015-03-01T23:22:04+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

Not sure I'd agree with that its more like conservatives prefer to
maintain the "status quo" regarding the existing state of affairs -
especially regarding social or political issues that exist according
to their values.
[Posted by DKCairns at 2015-02-27T23:54:17+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

Modern American Conservatism is an ideology that tends to promote
negative economic freedom, with certain social freedom limitations
(distinguishing it from Libertarianism). Conservatism holds to a more
free-market economic ideology, with differing levels of regulation
being accepted for specific purposes (such as ensuring contracts are
enforced). Conservatism also holds that the smaller the government the
better (to a certain degree), believing that the abuses of larger
governments outweighs any possible benefits, and also believes that
said benefits would be far better if left to private citizens and the
private sphere at large. Distinguishing itself from Libertarianism,
Modern American Conservatism does believe in some limitations on
social freedoms for what it perceives to be the health and well-being
of society, generally pertaining to its moral fabric. For this reason,
Conservatives tend to oppose same-sex marriage, believing it is a
corrupting force, and often (but by no means always) favors promoting
Christianity, believing it is a positive binding force. Conservatism
also tends to oppose (to a degree) multiculturalism, believing that
diversity to this degree leads to a lack of cultural integration and
can often result in a sort of balkanization, as can be witnessed in
areas like East LA. Conservatives tend to believe that a binding,
unifying cultural identity is a positive and stabilizing force in
society, and should be promoted.
[Posted by GenericName at 2015-02-27T00:28:49+00:00 - Side: Conservative]

From the left: Racist bible thumpers who care more about the 2nd
Amendment than the 1st. They believe in the myth of the free market,
making most of them either dupes to the financial power elite or black
hearted individualists who don't care for the down trodden. From the
right: Hard working capitalist Christians who take pride in charity
but have no time for the lazy. They hold their Constitution in one
hand and the Bible in the other with a gun in the holster, and
rightfully so.
[Posted by Amarel at 2015-02-26T19:12:46+00:00 - Side: Conservative]

	This got a down vote. I wish I knew which perspective earned it the
	negativity.
	[Posted by Amarel at 2015-02-27T09:06:49+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

Liberals must either be the most stupid people alive or the most
devious. We have fools constantly talking about feeding the poor when
what they actually mean is handing out credit card food stamps that
can be traded for cash, alcohol, drugs, gambling, etc. Then when
Conservatives speak out on this insanity, Liberals call them heartless
racists or a million other insults. Conservatives would have these so
called "starving" able bodied people getting off their lazy butts and
standing in food bank lines. Do you understand how many billions that
would save tax payers? This annoyance of standing in food bank lines
would also get them to find jobs but of course this is not what these
so called compassionate Liberals want them to do. They want them tied
to social programs so they keep voting Democrat. Liberals, tell me why
you are so opposed to making it harder for able bodied people to use
our social programs. What's wrong with able bodied people standing in
food bank lines? Any person with an ounce of shame should be thankful
for free food no matter how he gets it. Now be sure to spew the same
ludicrous excuses by talking about the children and disabled and sick
people ok? Make sure you once again show us all what total fools you
are.
[Posted by FromWithin at 2015-02-26T22:16:43+00:00 - Side: Conservative]

	"Liberals must either be the most stupid people alive or the most
	devious. We have fools constantly talking about feeding the poor when
	what they actually mean is handing out credit card food stamps that
	can be traded for cash, alcohol, drugs, gambling, etc. " No, they just
	have opinions that differ from yours. Try not to insult people. And
	no, they do not mean that, they actually mean feeding the poor. Out of
	curiosity, do you have any statistics on how often food stamps are
	traded for cash, alcohol, drugs or gambling? Any at all?
	"Conservatives would have these so called "starving" able bodied
	people getting off their lazy butts and standing in food bank lines."
	Do you have figures on how many people on food stamps are unemployed,
	out of curiosity? "This annoyance of standing in food bank lines would
	also get them to find jobs but of course this is not what these so
	called compassionate Liberals want them to do. They want them tied to
	social programs so they keep voting Democrat." No, they don't. That is
	like me saying that Conservatives don't want social programs because
	they want the poor to die out so they stop voting for Democrats. It is
	ridiculous to assign malicious intent to opinions that differ from
	yours. "Liberals, tell me why you are so opposed to making it harder
	for able bodied people to use our social programs. What's wrong with
	able bodied people standing in food bank lines? " It depends on what
	you mean by "harder". I believe that anyone who is on welfare or food
	stamps who is able bodied should either be working, or prove that they
	are actively seeking employment. "Now be sure to spew the same
	ludicrous excuses by talking about the children and disabled and sick
	people ok? Make sure you once again show us all what total fools you
	are." Are you capable of having a political conversation without
	insulting people?
	[Posted by GenericName at 2015-02-26T22:25:29+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

		Refutations are easier than affirmative statements. Would you mind
		stating a position? I was hoping to get your position here rather than
		disputes.
		[Posted by Amarel at 2015-02-27T00:09:11+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

	Hogwash................................
	.......................................
	................................
	[Posted by Cuaroc at 2015-02-27T00:11:49+00:00 - Side: Liberal]

Liberalism This has been defined as a political philosophy or
worldview founded on ideas of liberty and equality. The former
principle is stressed in classical liberalism while the latter is more
evident in social liberalism.Liberals espouse a wide array of views
depending on their understanding of these principles, but generally
they support ideas such as democratic elections, civil rights, freedom
of the press, freedom of religion, free trade, and private property.
Conservatism This has been defined as a political and social
philosophy which promotes retaining traditional social institutions in
the context of the culture and civilization. Some conservatives seek
to preserve things as they are, emphasizing stability and continuity,
while others, called reactionaries, oppose modernism and seek a return
to "the way things were". I'd sit more in the Liberal camp according
to theses definitions
[Posted by DKCairns at 2015-02-27T00:24:05+00:00 - Side: Conservative]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
