Title: Obama Education Secretary tells Students to"Boycott School"
Posted by outlaw60
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/Obama_Education_Secretary_tells_Students_to_Boycott_School

Comments:

Maybe boycott until schools are no longer "Gun Free Shooting Gallery
Zones" instead.
[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Hi Outlaw, Note all the new Norm respondents, most of whom only
	joined around the same time about 30 minutes ago.
	[Posted by Antrim at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		So dully noted.If you bring up the Criminal Regime of Obama it puts
		all them into tail spin.
		[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

The previous American president is anti-American. It's only fitting
that his Secretary of Education is anti-education. Lets run this
rabbit down a hole. Ok, Arne. Exactly what gun laws do you propose
exactly. What is the ultimate fix you desire.
[Posted by Chinaman at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

If this reckless proposal for demonstrations at schools is ever
enacted it will create friction among the students, as support for
this form of militancy will create divisions between those for and
those against such an action. This typical, ill thought out Democratic
madcap motion could cause the very deadly violence its sponsor is
claiming it will reduce. Pro militancy pickets will be posted at
school gates where they will confront those students who wish to
continue with their education and it is at these flash points that
violent exchanges will take place. Obama's Education Secretary should
try a little education himself.
[Posted by Antrim at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

For someone who suggests creating an arena for potential student
conflict to be called an Education Secretary , is a contradiction in
terms.
[Posted by Cocopops at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

If this actually happens Iâ€™m gonna be that one kid that actually
attends school
[Posted by American_boy at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Yea boi that means no school ESKIITITITITIT and we can have gun
control which will be safer for us and some bad parts are we will not
be able to gain education but still its better to have gun control
[Posted by kingjr41 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Yes,they should do something about it legislators need to change gun
law because kids did nothing to risk danger and receive danger .
[Posted by lababycttang at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Apparently SOMETHING needs to be done, because doing nothing isn't
working. More children have died in schools this year than in the
military. Schools should be safe place, but they are becoming more
dangerous instead of safer. Guns are simply too readily available and
unstable people are obtaining them. Perhaps people can work together
to deal with helping people with daycare issues to make this happen.
Organizers could provide daycare for the day to help parents with
young children.
[Posted by MCSteacher at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Conservatives don't care about dead
	people................................. ..........................
	[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Conservatives don't care about dead
		people................................. .......................... You
		Idiot are Completely Spun Out
		[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

they should wait util the legislater can change something about
because you never know when there can be another shooting
[Posted by priscilla343 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

yes they should do something about because i don't want to die at
young age
[Posted by begine at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	That's the rallying cry of your generation "Do something because I
	don't want to die at a young age" and I find it remarkably sad. You're
	right, you shouldn't have to be afraid of going to school. All of
	these adults who decry any sort of changes or control as they sit
	there stroking their guns and waiting for the next batch of youths to
	die in schools so they can get their chance to continue shouting about
	how they have the right to bear arms and how any change will
	automatically lead the way of going to the extreme of banning guns
	altogether, so they fight any common sense reform with the rabid
	intensity that is as remarkable as it is cringe worthy, sad and
	maddening- all while offering either zero solution or astonishingly
	ridiculous ones..........I hope your generation can bring about the
	change that older generations seem afraid to.
	[Posted by Mint_tea at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Jewel you must be shown as the Idiot you are.
		https://www.theguardian.com/ commentisfree/2013/feb/20/ no-armed-
		guards-in-schools https://nypost.com/2018/03/03/ state-democrats-want-
		to-ban-armed- teachers-from-schools/ https://www.npr.
		org/2012/12/22/167833089/ democrats-slam-nras-response-to-school-
		shooting What is it Jewel are you Progressives using children as a
		pawn in your game ?
		[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Progressives want children to die in schools it has been shown to
		you.
		[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		You Idiot it has been shown to you who decry changes and that is the
		Progressives. Let me ask you something Dummy. Why is the TSA in place
		is that just protect the adults and not the children ?
		[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Are your Progressive Elites in Hollyweird more important than your
		disabled child ?
		[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		I hope your generation can bring about the change that older
		generations seem afraid to You speak nothing more than nonsense. Using
		children as pawns shows the depth of depravity you and your party have
		reached !
		[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Hey Dummy are you concerned with the children of Chicago dying in the
		streets ? No not really because if you were you would reference it.
		[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			LOL! SIX comments in a row?? Dang either you're trying to get more
			points for the leader board or I must have triggered the hell out of
			you.
			[Posted by Mint_tea at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				http://thehill.com/blogs/twitter-room/ other-news/ 274281-democrats-
				quick-to-condemn-nra- proposal- Why are the Progressives opposed to
				protecting school children Jewel ? Answer a question
				[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				Worrying about points ? Showing you Progressives as the fools you are
				is the point ! Deny it you Darling
				[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Only Progressives want youths to die in school because it is not
		about the children it's about the narrative you Dummy. What happened
		with the school shooting in Texas and where was your Leftist Media at
		? Come on Jewel tell me about it
		[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Have the David Hogg's of the world changed anything Jewel ? You tell
		me
		[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Uh huh. Now kids can speak, and we can do a gun take away. *
			[Posted by LGBTelitist at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				Kids are used as a pawn in your game to take away guns? That is weak
				[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					There is no game. We'll just take them and put you people in
					furnaces.
					[Posted by LGBTelitist at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						Come now nom. We both know your puppets overcompensate for small
						little wankerdoodles by acting like psychopaths. Or were you
						pretending when you acted normal there for a second that one time...
						[Posted by brontoraptor at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						Really are you really so confused that you are unaware of what you
						spew LMMFAO
						[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Maybe Because Kid might be safer and wait unlit legislators pass a
laws restricting gun controls.
[Posted by Chris245 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

I honestly dont care if we stay out of school for a while or not
although, theres other options.
[Posted by jalzkool at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

yea i THINK there shouldn't be school because the kids would be safe.
Also the kids would be happy that there is no school!
[Posted by angelee26 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

It's funny how these gun hating hypocrites never call for boycotts of
bars and nightclubs to save the lives of thousands of children killed
by repeat drunk drivers. It obviously has nothing to do with saving
lives. It's has everything to do with taking our guns one step at a
time. In 2015, 10,265 people died in alcohol-impaired driving crashes,
accounting for nearly one-third (29%) of all traffic-related deaths in
the United States. So you tell me with each child dying from a drunk
driver, why the Left is not all over the media pretending to be
outraged over these innocent children's deaths? Do you have any idea
how many more children are killed by drunk drivers than by guns in
schools? Where is the outrage and demand for alcohol regulations and
back ground checks in public bars, nightclubs, etc. If the real
reasons for more gun control legislation is to save lives, why won't
the Left propose laws mandating back ground checks in public places
that sell alcohol to possible repeat DWI offenders? I don't want this,
but if your goal is to save lives with all your anti Gun rhetoric, you
should be over joyed to save many thousands more lives by having
background checks on people before buying alcohol in public places. Do
you have any idea how many times repeat DWI drivers continue to drink
and drive? Approximately 40% of drunk drivers are repeat offenders!
They drive even when their licenses are revoked! The only way to
prevent this is to do a background check before they buy that weapon
of death.....ALCOHOL! Wait, what you say? You say you don't want to be
inconvenienced by background checks when buying alcohol? You say you
are a law abiding citizen who would never drink and drive? You say you
don't want to pay more for alcohol to pay for those background checks
for past DWI drivers? I THOUGHT YOUR GOAL WAS TO SAVE LIVES? You
expect law abiding citizens to pay more and put up with all the
inconvenience from your anti gun legislation, but when it comes to
your alcohol...... HANDS OFF? A drunk driver behind the wheels of a
car happens millions of times more often than some lunatic with a gun!
The odds of you or your loved one being killed by a drunk driver is
far higher than the odds of being shot at a concert or Church. You are
hypocrites and total jokes. You prove you could not care less about
saving lives. You final goal is to take our guns. You always spew your
ludicrous reasoning why only guns should be singled out to save lives.
A police state is just fine as long as it only controls one particular
weapon of death..... the gun. You say we already have alcohol
restrictions? Yes, and we already have gun restrictions. You can't buy
a gun under age, the same as alcohol. We can't shoot people, you can't
hunt near public places and you can not drink and drive. BUT PEOPLE
STILL DO IT! IT'S NOT THE WEAPON OF CHOICE, BUT THE PERSON BEHIND THAT
WEAPON. Use the brain God gave you and start addressing why people
grow up to be criminals, or become irresponsible drinkers who have no
problem drinking and driving. Start addressing the core problem
instead of their weapon of choice. Add New Argument
[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Guns are designed to kill...................................
	....................................... ...........
	[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		How do you protect schools from wacko gunmen ??? Can you say.
		[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Gun safety legislation............................
			.......................................
			...............................
			[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				Gun safety legislation ? Is Government going to fix all the problems
				?
				[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					That's not what I said. Stop lying..................................
					...................................
					[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						They have the right to avoid being shot by conservative gun
						fanatics.............................. That's not what you said LMMFAO
						[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		HOGWASH, guns are designed for whatever a person needs them for. Some
		people like target shooting, some people like having a deterrent to
		protect their families from intruders. Why do fools only want
		criminals to have the guns from the huge black market that would be
		created. Cops never get to the scene of crime until there are already
		many dead people. WE NEED TO PROTECT OURSELVES! Do you want to go back
		to prohibition? How did that work out?
		[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Nope. Guns are designed to kill...................................
			....................................... ......
			[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				LIAR!..................................
				.................................. TARGET SHOOTING KILLS NO ONE!
				[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					Those who attack the most have the most to hide. Conservatives are
					not fighting for the right to shoot property, they want to shoot
					people. That's why we have stand your ground law.
					[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						We want the right of self defense and you are unbelievably stupid not
						to get it!
						[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							If you have the right to shoot me, I have the right to not coparent
							with a rapist. That is stand your mother fucking ground. I feel sorry
							for the wife you have because if some dude rapes her, you will force
							her to have the baby.
							[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

								I love my wife and understand that her killing the baby would destroy
								her life much more so than giving it up for adoption. My wife is pro
								life and would never kill the baby just because of the father being a
								rapist. It's not the child's fault who his father is. GET REAL! Yes,
								you have the right not to coparent with a rapist and the baby can be
								adopted out. It would be bleeding heart Progressive fools who would
								actually make such laws worrying about the rights of a rapist and
								giving him any say in the baby.
								[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

									It would be her right to choose if she were raped, and I am ignoring
									your rape culture.
									[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

									Rape victims cannot choose adoption with out her rapist's coinsent.
									[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

										Rape victims can go to the doctors within a day or two and PREVENT
										CONCEPTION! Every girl should be educated to this simple step if a
										rape occurs. If for some reason she can not and a pregnancy still
										occurs, it's a terrible situation, but rape victims can get the courts
										to grant her custody to choose adoption without the rapist's consent.
										If the Left truly cares for women who have been raped, why is the
										Democrat Party silent when it comes to State's that allows the rapist
										to have a say in the mother's decisions? It's because rape is their
										best deception when it comes to No Restriction abortions of any unborn
										baby at any stage for any reason. They refuse to compromise and stop
										convenience abortions while still allowing extreme case abortions such
										as life of mother, rape, incest, etc.
										[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

											That can fail. Answer my question: What if the rapist sue for
											custody?
											[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Do you know something that truly has but one purpose to kill?
		ABORTION! I don't see you creating debates speaking out against
		something that is actually designed to kill our most innocent of human
		lives for any reason. BARBARIC! Spare me any mention of life of mother
		abortions. NO ONE DISPUTES THOSE!
		[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			What if the mother was raped??????????????????????????????????
			???????????????????????
			[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	For the love of GOD stay on point and stop trying to smoke screen
	with a ridiculous comparison.
	[Posted by Mint_tea at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		For the love of GOD stay on point and you Progressives need to stop
		using children for your narrative.
		[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		What an absolute fool you are if you can't grasp that simple
		comparison. IDIOT, we are talking about saving lives of children! Can
		you grasp that fact? Background checks on repeat DWI drivers in bars
		would save thousand more lives than the few killed in schools! But the
		Left's fixation on guns has NOTHING to do with saving the lives of
		children. It's all about taking our guns one step at a time. People
		like you are just to dense to see through all the fake news and the
		anti Gun Democrat Party.
		[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			There is no comparison, that's the point. The main purpose of a car
			is transportation and you're a fool if you think the main purpose of a
			gun is anything other than to kill. In the right hands a gun is fine
			but we aren't getting them in the right hands and there's no
			repercussions for those who drop the ball. So either you want to make
			drunk driving legal because in your view it does nothing (it being
			illegal actually DOES reduce the amount people do it but that's
			another debate) or you're so fixated on anything else to avoid coming
			up with possible solutions that make sense. Again, gun control isn't
			gun ban, if you can't grasp THAT then you shouldn't be calling anyone
			else a fool.
			[Posted by Mint_tea at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				FOOL! WE ARE NOT TALKING ABOUT THE CAR! WE ARE TALKING ABOUT ALCOHOL
				WHICH HAS NO OTHER PURPOSE THEN TO CLOUD OUR SENSES AND MAKE US DO
				STUPID THINGS! DONG BACK GROUND CHECKS ON POSSIBLE REPEAT DWI DRIVERS
				BEFORE SELLING THEM ALCOHOL WOULD SAVE MANY MORE LIVES THEN THIS
				LUDICROUS ANTI GUN FIXATION. Where is the outcry from the Left to
				restrict alcohol sales to DWI drivers? Oh I keep forgetting, it is not
				about saving lives. It's all about taking our guns ONE STEP AT A TIME!
				These gun control fanatics do not want to be inconvenienced when it
				comes to their pleasures of drinking.
				[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

They have the right to avoid being shot by conservative gun
fanatics..............................
[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	I was not aware school shooters were Conservative Gun Fanatics. Have
	some information for me other then your WAG comment
	[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Prove me wrong. Prove that it is some other political movement
		worshipping guns.................................
		[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			They have the right to avoid being shot by conservative gun
			fanatics.............................. Where is your facts
			[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			You and the Left must worship alcohol, because you are not screaming
			for background checks on past DWI drivers in pubic places selling
			alcohol. Don't you care for the lives of children killed by drunk
			drivers? WHY ARE GUNS YOUR ONLY WEAPON TO BE OUTRAGED AGAINST? Do you
			worship alcohol or would you like big Government doing a background
			check on you every time you buy alcohol.
			[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				I belong to Jesus. He's the love of my
				life................................... ..........................
				[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					You and the Left must worship alcohol, because you are not screaming
					for background checks on past DWI drivers in pubic places selling
					alcohol. Don't you care for the lives of children killed by drunk
					drivers? WHY ARE GUNS YOUR ONLY WEAPON TO BE OUTRAGED AGAINST? Do you
					worship alcohol or would you like big Government doing a background
					check on you every time you buy alcohol.
					[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						I am pretty sure Jesus is God in human flesh, not alcohol, and I hate
						to drink. My concern is people living in fear of the next attack.
						Conservatives have their war on terror, now we progressives have ours.
						School children are boycotting school and living with anxiety
						disorders, so haul ass and pass gun safety legislations, and in
						refererence to abortion: What if the mother was raped?
						[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							When you meet God and ask him what about rape, what do you think his
							answer will be? He will say, I know you not! He knows that baby in the
							womb and he could not care less how it was conceived. I believe those
							who vote for politicians who keep the barbaric act of No Restriction
							abortions legal will be judged for what they support. Do you have a
							clue how many parents fear a drunk driver killing their children much
							more then a one in a million chance of being shot in school. Get some
							honesty and admit how misplaced your concerns are. You worry more
							about a minuscule chance of children being shot in school, verses the
							millions of unborn lives snuffed out for convenience, or the thousands
							of children killed by drunk drivers. God knows our hearts and he knows
							where our priorities lie.
							[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

								I was raped, and I have a problem with abolitionists like you who are
								ignorant of the fact that 21 states force pregnant rape victims to
								choose between coparenting with a rapist, and being the mother of a
								dead baby. Having been raped by my father and some other dude, I would
								rather be the mother of a dead baby than ever allow a rapist access to
								my child. I thought of this when choosing to have my tubes removed,
								because I had a pregnancy scare by my second rapist. I don't want you
								to change your views or feel sorry for me, but I am trying to get you
								to comne down from your high horse and end any rape victim being
								forced into something she doesn't want. As to your inference that I am
								somehow less than Christian, I rest eternally secure in Jesus OUR
								Lord.
								[Posted by KJVPrewrath at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

									YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT KILLING AN INNOCENT UNBORN BABY! The
									circumstances of any human life matters not when it comes to taking
									his life. GET OFF YOUR HIGH HORSE AND LOOK AT THE FACTS OF WHAT YOU
									ARE SAYING! Did you know that a woman can prevent conception after a
									rape by going to the doctor within a day or two? The Left seldom
									mentions that fact.... why do you suppose that is? It's because their
									ludicrous rape excuse is the only thing they have to excuse their No
									Restriction abortion extremism even though they would never compromise
									for the extreme case abortions! I feel very sorry for what happened to
									you, and I believe adoption is the answer for any mother who does not
									want the Baby. If 21 States force women to make the choice you
									mentioned, this is where your outrage and voice should be given. Fight
									any idiot law that would allow a rapist to parent his child, unless
									the mothers freely wants it. Why is it we take children from drug
									addict parents for their own good, yet you say we would not keep them
									from a rapist? It makes no sense.
									[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

I wouldn't go to school if I was scared of being shot, either. It's
the state's duty to educate and protect children's lives as they
demand that children go to school. If the state is unwilling to
protect them while they are the state's wards from 9am to 3pm, then
the kids have every right to boycott school. I think, for once, the
American adult conservative population should listen to what the
children of the country are trying to tell them. The ball's in your
court.
[Posted by seanB at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Children should put forth the Progressive Narrative is that all you
	got ?
	[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Where is CNN's Poster Boy David Hogg at ????? Have you seen that
	child LMMFAO
	[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	https://nypost.com/2018/03/03/ state-democrats-want-to-ban-armed-
	teachers-from-schools/ https://www.theguardian.com/
	commentisfree/2013/feb/20/ no-armed-guards-in-schools https://www.npr.
	org/2012/12/22/167833089/ democrats-slam-nras-response-to-school-
	shooting So the precious children should not be protected is that the
	point ?????
	[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Children are only a pawn in your Progressive Game. Check with the
	Progressive Media
	[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	I am not sure what Obama did about school shootings but maybe you can
	clear that up
	[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		It was Obama who pushed continually to try to get gun reform
		legislation pushed through the house and senate. It is not up to the
		president to make unilateral decisions on legislation, though.
		[Posted by seanB at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
