Title: Even Bannon thinks Trump will be IMPEACHED.. Whoda thunk that??
Posted by excon
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/Even_Bannon_thinks_Trump_will_be_IMPEACHED_Whoda_thunk_that

Comments:

Bannon has ONE thought in mind, to make America an authoritarian
state. A state somewhat like Russia with no two party debate, ruled by
a King-like figure. He knows Trump is a bungling, dividing fool that
gives him a chance to divide and conquer! His best chance to
discourage people on a democracy by making it not work. I not only
"thunk it", I saw it coming. Bannon is the most dangerous man in the
U.S. ... sans nukes!
[Posted by AlofRI at 2017-12-22T16:08:37+00:00 - Side: I woulda thunk it]

ROFLOL, do you fools ever get tired of hating Trump? You bring back
memories of the days when there were witch hunts. You are showing
everyone what arrogant control fanatics you are. You can not stand
that you no longer are getting your way. You can not stand no longer
having the bully pulpit to force your politcal correctness on all
Americans. You can't stand that Americans elected Trump over your
extremist Democrat Party. You can't stand that Trump is proving to
everyone that Conservative politics WORKS! Our economy is FINALLY
growing, the stock market exploding, ISIS being defeated, unemployment
record lows, tax cuts for the working man for a change, people no
longer forced to pay tax penalties if they do not buy health
insurance, so many worthless regulations stopped, etc. AND YOU CAN NOT
STAND WATCHING IT HAPPEN. Liberalism is being shown for the complete
failure it is and people like you CAN NOT STAND IT!
[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-12-22T14:28:26+00:00 - Side: I woulda thunk it]

I remember watching an impeachment process once. Bill was "impeached"
by the House, we had a nice long, droning hearing in the Senate and?
He finished out his Presidency. Why? The House impeached but the
Senate didn't convict. So that's how that works. Last I checked he was
going to be impeached a year ago, the media lost its mind, nothing
happened, and here we still are. Notta. But, to help you out on the
topic, speaking from experience, I get it. Every time Obama tossed the
rule of law in the trash, I heard impeachment, and woke up gitty that
they'd throw the anti American, flag hating, race baiting, terrorist
loving, NSA spying, penalty for no insurance making, lying about being
a descendent of American slavery, over drone using, bomb dropping,
government overthrowing, election meddling, Benghazi mess creating,
$20 trillion in debt creating piece of trash out the door, but alas,
nothing. It never happened. 8 years later, we're $20 trillion in debt
with nothing to even show for it, he turned the Middle East into the
threshold of hell, Europe is overrun by migrants, Iran and China are
more empowered, our nation is back to racial divides, it's cool to be
a Communist, ANTIFA is burning down towns while being glorified,
terrorism in the West is normal, and the left tells us how fantastic
the full blown grab your ankles raping America took was. Good riddens.
The point? Trump isn't going anywhere, and even if by chance he did,
you will get something liberals hate even worse. Someone who wants gay
marriage repealed. Good luck with that. Of course, as we all know, the
left will beat the impeachment drum for 3 more years, possibly 7,
believing the media narratives that never come true, never learning
their lesson.
[Posted by brontoraptor at 2017-12-22T16:33:02+00:00 - Side: I wouldn't a thunk it]

Oh and one more nugget. If Trump were to be ousted, Bannon plans on
running in 2020, and the right will probably vote him in simply as
vindication for Trump. http://www.businessinsider.com/ steve-bannon-
might-run-for-president- 2020-if-trump-impeached-2017-12
[Posted by brontoraptor at 2017-12-22T16:37:53+00:00 - Side: I wouldn't a thunk it]

Super Stupid if "The Slate" said it must be taken as the TRUTH
ROTFFLMMFAO !
[Posted by outlaw60 at 2017-12-24T03:43:01+00:00 - Side: I wouldn't a thunk it]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
