Title: NY Times says Trump LOST over a $$Billion during the 80's. Fake News, or fake president??
Posted by excon
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/NY_Times_says_Trump_LOST_over_a_Billion_during_the_80_s_Fake_News_or_fake_president

Comments:

Trump doesn't want U.S. to see the full Mueller Report, he WONT let
U.S. see his tax returns, he's lied 10,000 + times to U.S., his love
affair with Kim, as well as his "going nicely" negotiations with that
"nuclear power" is on the rocks, his getting out of the Iran Treaty
has put U.S. on the brink of war and MAY even piss off the Saudi's,
Putin is surrounding U.S. to the North, South, East and West, Cuba
hates U.S. again, the rich are getting richer, the rest of U.S. are
going nowhere, gas is going up, he's trying to cut SS and Medicare …
to pay for a useless WALL, leasing (destroying) our National Parks to
the fossil fuel cartel, ignoring the Earth our grandchildren will have
to live in, pissing off our allies, encouraging white nationalists,
supremacists, racists and arming terrorists, putting our kids "under
the gun" in schools, allowing capitalists and banks to "run amok" with
NO regulation, his China dealings are imploding, wages are still
stagnant, CEO's are being paid "more than Jesus would be worth" and
the swamp is getting deeper, and deeper, and …………. ! BUT! He's STILL
the greatest deal maker the conservative Party has EVER produced! The
greatest brain … and memory in the world … that can't seem to "recall
much". We are SO blessed. ;-) …….. Please plan on voting
intelligently, NOT conservatively. ;-)
[Posted by AlofRI at 2019-05-08T14:41:54+00:00 - Side: FAKE president]

	Trump doesn't want U.S. to see the full Mueller Report Barr released
	everything in the report that is legal to show, and Mueller decided
	what would be redacted based on that it would disclose techniques and
	procedures for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions," and
	which was withheld on national security grounds. The Democrats
	literally created the law that prevents them from seeing the rest of
	the redactions. He WONT let U.S. see his tax returns You've seen his
	tax returns. With some we found out he once lost a billion dollars,
	then made several billion to replace it. You also found out he pays in
	the highest tax bracket there is. Notice, they aren't showing you his
	2000-2019 taxes. Wonder why... ya know they have em...
	[Posted by brontoraptor at 2019-05-08T17:08:49+00:00 - Side: FAKE News]

	his love affair with Kim, as well as his "going nicely" negotiations
	with that "nuclear power" is on the rocks Obama never got to
	negotiations.... his getting out of the Iran Treaty has put U.S. on
	the brink of war Iran has never not threatened war with the US. They
	threatened us when Obama was President. They did "death to America"
	chants in Tehran Square the very week after the sanctions on them were
	dropped by Obama. and MAY even piss off the Saudi's, Putin is
	surrounding U.S. to the North, South, East and West They took Crimea
	on Obama's watch and entered into Syria right in Obama's face,
	unchallenged. Cuba hates U.S. again Couldn't give a flying crap less.
	They literally put weapons on their land in coordination with the
	Russians and threatened us. Our relationship with Israel has never
	been better. the rich are getting richer So are the poor. the rest of
	U.S. are going nowhere Joblessness is the lowest in history, wages are
	the highest in history, GDP is highest in history, the market is the
	highest in history. gas is going up It's $1.75 here. It's expensive in
	lib areas due to overregulation, thus making gas companies not want to
	ship there.
	[Posted by brontoraptor at 2019-05-08T17:16:06+00:00 - Side: FAKE News]

	What an UNHINGED rant by the DEMOCRAT SOCIALIST and it's IGNORANCE as
	always is on PARADE !!!!!!!! PARTY PARROT i will address a few items
	you seem to be confused about !!!!! 1 - Trump doesn't want U.S. to see
	the full Mueller Report Look into the law there dummy and you will
	find that Grand Jury information is protected by Federal Law. Are you
	unable to understand fact ?????????? 2 - leasing (destroying) our
	National Parks to the fossil fuel cartel Paying attention is really
	not your thang is it AL !!!!!!!! https://www.gao.gov/key issues/oil
	and natural gas/issue_summary I am trying to help your BRAIN DEAD ASS
	out ! The Department of the Interior oversees oil and natural gas
	production on federal lands and waters—providing access to these
	resources while ensuring their safe and responsible development.
	Federal oil and gas resources provide an important source of energy
	for the United States; create jobs in the oil and gas industry; and
	generate billions of dollars annually in revenues that are shared
	between federal, state, and tribal governments. Interior reported
	collecting over $55 billion from fiscal years 2011 through 2016 from
	royalties and other payments. This makes oil and gas resources one of
	the federal government’s largest sources of nontax revenue. Pay close
	attention to FY 2011 through 2016 !!!!!!! 3 - ignoring the Earth our
	grandchildren will have to live in
	https://www.energyprofessionals.com/ states/rhode-island/ Natural Gas
	Natural gas fuels nearly all of Rhode Island’s electric generation and
	heats half of its households. Rhode Island does not have any natural
	gas production or reserves. The state’s natural gas is supplied almost
	entirely by pipeline from Connecticut, which transports natural gas
	received from New York, but some natural gas also arrives from
	Massachusetts. Almost two-thirds of the natural gas entering Rhode
	Island is delivered to Massachusetts. Historically, natural gas has
	arrived in Rhode Island from producing areas in Canada and from the
	U.S. Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent regions, but increasing amounts of
	natural gas are coming from Appalachian Shales, particularly the
	Marcellus Shale of Pennsylvania. Electric power generators and the
	residential sector are Rhode Island’s largest natural gas consumers.
	More than half of the natural gas consumed in the state goes to the
	electric power sector and almost all in-state electricity generation
	is fueled with natural gas. As increasing amounts of natural gas are
	used for electricity generation in Rhode Island, and throughout New
	England, assurance of natural gas supply has become a critical energy
	issue for the region. AL why are you CLIMATE BELIEVERS depending on a
	FOSSIL FUEL that you oppose ? Must be you YANKS depend on the fossil
	fuel cartel !!!!!!!!!! 4 - Please plan on voting intelligently, NOT
	conservatively. The DEMOCRAT SOCIALIST has exposed it self for the
	dislike that it has for opposition to it's LOVED PARTY
	!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
	[Posted by outlaw60 at 2019-05-08T23:59:43+00:00 - Side: FAKE News]

NY Times says Trump LOST over a $$Billion during the 80's. Fake News,
or fake president?? 1)No other candidates made a hundred million
dollars, much less a billion. Why? They have no idea how, or they
aren't willing to take the risks necessary to make a billion dollars.
2)If you have $10 billion and lose $1 billion, you might not even
notice or care about the loss. 3)Lots of billionaires and multi
millionaires have wealth that has bounced up and down. 4)It's not the
1980s. So it was so long ago that it wad when I was a kid, and during
a time of the commercial real estate crisis where the market tanked.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/ seekingalpha.com/amp/article/
117845-how-bad-was-the-1980s-real-estat e-crash 5)If you lose a
billion dollars in the 1980s, but are leading our economy to record
numbers in 2019, losing a billion dollars in 1980 is your business.
6)We already had this information. Everyone already knows Trump's
past. We've debated bancruptcy on this very site. It's old pseudo news
dug back up because the leftist media is out of bullets.
[Posted by brontoraptor at 2019-05-08T17:01:21+00:00 - Side: FAKE News]

We may never know the true reason why the profit &amp; loss accounts
for Donald Trump's companies returned a declared loss of over a $
billion but you can be sure there was more to the stated loss than met
the eye. It would be a TAXING task trying to figure that one out.
However, it must be recognized that if he had sat at home every day
playing twiddly winks and eating Big Macs or engaging in meaningless
'online debates' he wouldn't have incurred any such loss. Whatever
happened President Trump 'picked himself up, dusted himself down and
started all over again''. That's the hallmark of a true champion . His
record sure beats the hell out of the ''never have rans'' who spend
their time hiding under the bed hurling insults at people of substance
who successfully deal with the grisly challenges of real world every
day.
[Posted by Cocopops at 2019-05-08T19:21:45+00:00 - Side: FAKE News]

	...the true reason why the profit &amp; loss accounts for Donald
	Trump's companies returned a declared loss
	https://www.google.com/amp/s/ seekingalpha.com/amp/article/
	117845-how-bad-was-the-1980s-real-estat e-crash
	[Posted by brontoraptor at 2019-05-08T19:34:14+00:00 - Side: FAKE president]

FAKE DEBATER!...............................
....................................... ..................
[Posted by FromWithin at 2019-05-08T22:50:42+00:00 - Side: FAKE News]

Fake News Fake news by using old news as if it's new for the sole
purpose of attacking the President. or fake president?? He's talked
about this exact event in interviews, on "The Apprentice" and in his
book "The Art of the Comeback". It's not fake to be outed for
something you've already said happened.
[Posted by brontoraptor at 2019-05-08T23:19:55+00:00 - Side: FAKE News]

SUPER STUPID was Donald J. Trump running for the PRESIDENCY in the
80's ?????? BOY you live in the past on a DAILY BASIS ???????????
[Posted by outlaw60 at 2019-05-09T00:43:01+00:00 - Side: FAKE News]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
