Title: What did the ARMED deputy DO when the shooting started at the Florida high school?
Posted by excon
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/What_did_the_ARMED_deputy_DO_when_the_shooting_started_at_the_Florida_high_school

Comments:

I can't say he protected the students and I can't say he hid like a
dog. It's probable he was waiting for back up, it's probable that he
DIDN'T have a semi-automatic and would have been shot down before he
could do anything but it's also possible he could have been a hero.
Arming teachers is..... there have been a few instances where a
teacher has accidentally set off their weapons in a class but thank
God hasn't hurt a student....yet. Teachers aren't trained for offense
or defense and they aren't paid nearly enough to do so. It's an
option, sure, but not a good one.
[Posted by Mint_tea at 2018-02-23T15:16:15+00:00 - Side: He PROTECTED the students]

	It's probable he was waiting for back up Hello again, Mint: Oh, I'm
	sure in his head, that's what he was doing.. But his ONLY job was to
	protect the students - NOT act as a telephone operator.. My point is,
	that if an ARMED, TRAINED, police officer won't confront danger head
	on, why would we think teachers would? excon
	[Posted by excon at 2018-02-23T15:26:59+00:00 - Side: He HID like a cowering dog]

		My point is, that if an ARMED, TRAINED, police officer won't confront
		danger head on, why would we think teachers would? That's a fair point
		but even armed and trained police officers need to know what's going
		on before they go in guns blazing. They also may need to wait for back
		up or the best they can do is be part of the body count. Don't get me
		wrong, if that was my child he should have been protecting I would be
		out for blood that he didn't do anything, I'm just trying to see his
		side to it.
		[Posted by Mint_tea at 2018-02-23T15:43:30+00:00 - Side: He PROTECTED the students]

		Now Super Stupid i will ask the question again ! Washington,DC
		politicians are protected by armed security. Are they more important
		than children ?
		[Posted by outlaw60 at 2018-02-24T02:39:15+00:00 - Side: He PROTECTED the students]

Everyone would like to think they would have faced up the madman with
his lethal assault rifle, but can we all be sure? Maybe the officer
froze with fear and confusion. Perhaps, despite previous school
outrages police officers STILL need to be better trained in how to
handle such a catastrophic incident. Being as generous as I can I feel
that this officer's conduct fell disgracefully short of what we
expected. I train in my gym with a number of fire fighters and am
aware that before being allowed in the the Fire Service candidates
must pass a well managed suitability test to evaluate their, instant
response to highly dangerous, spontaneous life saving situations
without hesitation' Hesitate for a split second whether to run over a
blazing well secured plank or any other hazardous trial and it's next
please . My amateur attempt at offering an outline, prototype solution
is as follows. 1) Ban all warfare type weaponry including assault
rifles. 2)Only rifles capable of a single shot before reloading should
be issued to suitable, well and positively vetted firearm license
applicants. This type of rifle can be used for competitive target
shooting and for THE VERY BRAVE !!!, game hunting. 3) Personal
protection weapons should be restricted to non automatic six shot
revolver type weapons with a maximum calibre of .38. If you can't
disable your potential assailant with six bullets you're your toast.
Every such P.P.W. should have its ballistic fingerprint recorded by
the supplier who should be required to have a firing range available
and staffed by trained personnel. A top limit of 25 rounds of non
expanding ammunition to be issued to each weapon. Anyone claiming to
have fired off 25 rounds on one or more incident(s) should be viewed
with a jaundiced eye and investigated. A buy back amnesty should be
introduced for all those with existing firearms along with an in-depth
criminal and psychological profile on each and every owner. This
BLOODY CARNAGE OF OUR CHILDREN AND INNOCENT CIVILIANS WILL HAVE TO END
[Posted by Antrim at 2018-02-23T21:18:02+00:00 - Side: He HID like a cowering dog]

	@Antrim Perhaps, despite previous school outrages police officers
	STILL need to be better trained in how to handle such a catastrophic
	incident. It has been shown that Police officers with a Military
	background are overwhelmingly superior in such situations. So, yes,
	more involved training is very important
	[Posted by xMathFanx at 2018-02-24T21:06:30+00:00 - Side: He HID like a cowering dog]

		It has been shown that Police officers with a Military background are
		overwhelmingly superior in such situations. Not arming the killer also
		works. Have you tried that?
		[Posted by NumberOne at 2018-02-24T21:14:42+00:00 - Side: He PROTECTED the students]

			So give us the liberal plan to keep people from making homemade guns
			and explosives. Interestingly enough, several of these shooters had
			bombs or bomb making material. I just can't wait for you to tell us
			what they planned on doing with those bombs if you had taken their
			guns. Of course we both know that every time I have asked you how to
			take 300 million legal guns and at least that many illegal guns, you
			say nothing because you don't know how to disarm 33,000 gangs without
			acting "right wing". You just mindlessly jabber on about nothing,
			empty for a gun taking solution, and empty for a non-gun involved way
			of taking said guns. The best I have ever seen you offer is "make it a
			five year sentence to have a gun", as if criminals who gleefully
			commit crimes worthy of 10,15, 30+ years don't just magically stop the
			crimes because of the threat of jail time. Of course you also refuse
			to acknowledge that our jails and prisons are overwhelmed as it is.
			Where do you plan on putting these people? It's amazing. Guns are
			awful, but it would take gun violence to take away the guns. The
			police and the military are "systematic oppressors and imperialist
			terrorists", but you don't mind them being the only ones armed. Your
			stupidity knows no bounds.
			[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-02-26T16:28:17+00:00 - Side: He HID like a cowering dog]

If he hid or ran, it's a pretty damn good thing that I was armed
because apparently he wasn't doing shit to protect me.
[Posted by cabbagedrone at 2018-02-26T16:22:32+00:00 - Side: He HID like a cowering dog]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
