Title: Trumpcare #1 - 24 million people lose insurance.. Trumpcare #2 - 23 million people lose it
Posted by excon
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/Trumpcare_1_24_million_people_lose_insurance_Trumpcare_2_23_million_people_lose_it

Comments:

Why do you Liberals never learn ANYTHING when we give you the facts
over and over again? Like brainwashed robots in a cult, you keep
repeating the same lies. For the thousanths time, OBAMACARE IS
COLLAPSING UNDER IT'S OWN COMPLETE FAILURE! Do facts matter to you or
are you a complete phoney loser. The 20 million people added to the
medicaid roles, on the backs of middle class families, was never
sustainable!!!!!! It was all a temporary ponzey scheme forced on the
American people to usher in their one payer Government controlled
healthcare. Now, you hideous deceptive liars keep screaming how the
GOP must keep these 20 million people insured EVEN THOUGH Obamacare
could not keep them insured! IT IS COLLAPSING WITH THE INSURANCE
COMPANIES DROPPING OUT OF THE EXCHANGES. Can you grasp the fact that
if Obama stayed in office another couple years, these 20 million
people would have lost their health insurance because there would be
no health insurance companies left in the exchanges. HELLO!!!!!!!! No
one can afford to give all these people free healthcare with all these
added medical coverages of birth control, abortion, mental, vision,
maternity, etc. etc. etc. Obama purposely delayed the largest
increases of premiums and deductibles until after he was out of
office. Why are you so deceptive? This is why you get banned. I hate
deception because there is no debate with a person when he has no
problem twisting the facts and deceiving others.
[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
