Title: Here’s a list of all the Muslim Countries that ban Jews
Posted by outlaw60
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/Here_s_a_list_of_all_the_Muslim_Countries_that_ban_Jews

Comments:

The Progressive Left will ignore any fact of "Their Beloved Muslims"
! Wonder how many Progressives would vacation in Iran or Iraq ?
[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Democrats, Progressives, Liberals, or whatever name they want to call
themselves, prove non stop what pathetic hypocrites they are. We have
the entire Leftwing media and democrat Party crucifying Trump for
wanting to have extreme vetting to prevent possible terrorists from
coming to this nation. It's non stop outrage, but when it comes to
real brutal hatred towards other religons around the world, these
hypocrites say NOTHING! They don't care how many Jews or Christians
are brutalized by these Muslim nations. The compassion from the Left
is ALWAYS conditional. Unless you fall into their political correct
groups such as Feminazi's, LGBT, minorities, Muslims,
environmentalists, Green groups, etc., you will garner absolutely NO
COMPASSION! You will be attacked and insulted non stop no matter how
much you are discriminated against. If you are a Conservative speaker
in Colleges, your freedom of speech means nothing to the Left. The
Democrat Party is becomng like a dictatorship whereby you will be
censored and attacked if your political beliefs or religion goes
contrary to the Government's thought police. Most all these feminists
and leftwing mobs NEVER protest in the streets against these Muslim
nations that truly do treat women like cattle, kill them, kill Gays,
etc. YOU HYPOCRITICAL FOOLS!
[Posted by FromWithin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Progressives are way past being hypocrites. Their failure to accept
	any facts or truths shows the complete undoing of their political
	party. Progressives have relegated themselves to childish kindergarten
	tantrums which the Silent Majority watches and they will again be
	beaten at the ballot box.
	[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Those fuckers ;)
[Posted by jolie at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	I do hear that the Muslims are goat lovers. Maybe that is the reason
	Progressives have such love for them !
	[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Goat fuckers ;)
		[Posted by jolie at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Goat fuckers 😳and goat lovers 👉🐐💕💕💕 and goat eaters 😃
			[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				Goat meat happens to be very delishious ;)
				[Posted by jolie at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					It is indeed 😃 Very useful beasts 🐐 One could as has been established
					fuck them , eat them , and make a bag with the skin ....win ,win ,win
					💃💃
					[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						"Very useful beasts " OMword...........did you just call goats
						beasts? A goat is a beast? Unbelievable.......but believe it when it
						comes from a magician........ In fact you're a G reatest Of A ll Time
						Among all magicians and idiots. So are you a beast? Yeah. You said
						black dicks are yummy.
						[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							You said black dicks are yummy. They are. Trust me. 😋
							[Posted by NicolasCage at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

								😂😂 Our Jeffery is a huge fan 👉👱🏿 he also enjoys making love to goats
								👉🐐 ..... wonder what sort of chat up lines he uses to coax the goats
								into the bedchamber 👱🏿👉🛌
								[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

									No, I don't think he needs a "chamber" for the things.
									[Posted by JatinNagpal at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

									I wouldn't be surprised if Jeffery's making some goat's cheese right
									now, the horny little goat fucker.
									[Posted by NicolasCage at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

										Our Jeffery is insatiable goats , 🐐, guys 👮🕵🏾‍♀️,sheep 🐑🐑and free
										goats cheese 👏👏👏👏
										[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

								OmG ....how many more gays will i count on CD…………………
								[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

									I'm actually bisexual, so knock one off your list. Also add
									FromWithin and NowASaint on there. They're knocking my gaydar off the
									charts!
									[Posted by NicolasCage at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

										It's all good Jeffery only came out last week he's a ' fit healthy '
										guy with urges , only thing is he's also in love with a goat 👉🐐 and
										was tempted by a neighbours chicken 👉🐔 in his defence the chicken 🐔
										Made the first move 👉👱🏿🙀
										[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

										Whether you are bisexual tri-sexual(including goats), you are still
										Gay. You are on my list, as well as santa's naughty list.......he
										might put a heated rod up in ya ......
										[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

											Well technically I'm only 50% gay... or 100% gay and 100% straight...
											200% sexual? I dunno to be honest.
											[Posted by NicolasCage at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

											There you go again and I bet you went to church on Sunday and prayed
											like the hypocrite you are .... Jesus would hate you
											[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

												………………………………… ………………………………… ………………………………… …………………………
												[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

													How idiotic do you get 👉 There is a warning ,but I don't need it 😱 So
													why are you giving it ?
													[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

														It's a mistake. Not meant for you But nicholascage. You can burn in
														hell for all i care
														[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

															🤔 👉👱🏿= 🐒🙀👏👏👏👏👏👏👏� �👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
															[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

															In such cases, there are some magical devices known as private
															communication.
															[Posted by JatinNagpal at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

												That's what happens when you pay attention to the devil and you try
												to go down with him in his mud(original home). He will turn your white
												shirt brown with mud and even claim to be neater than you are. Am in
												your playground devil/dermot, its muddy, the stains are expected.....
												But you think you are yet neat
												[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

													😇 👉 Matthew 7:1-3King James Version (KJV) 7 Judge not, that ye be not
													judged. 2 For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and
													with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again. 3 And
													why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but
													considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye? 👉👱🏿👉👉👹👿👿👉⚡ ️⚡️🔥🔥🔥🔥😱
													[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

														James Version (KJV) 7 Judge not, that ye be not judged. 2 For with
														what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye
														mete, it shall be measured to you again. 3 And why beholdest thou the
														mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that
														is in thine own eye? Just like your uncle , father, brother, cousin
														the devil, You try to use the words of Him you claim you hate to
														defend yourself....... Why don't you quote from your own father's
														book; the devil*
														[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

															Do you ever just shut up and leave people alone how many times do I
															have to ask you ?
															[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

																Do you ever just shut up and leave people alone how many times do I
																have to ask you ? You have to start doing that(shutting up)
																yourself.... You can start by not replying...
																[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

																	Do you ever just shut up and leave people alone how many times do I
																	have to ask you ? You have to start doing that(shutting up)
																	yourself.... You can start by not replying... 4mins ago
																	[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							What a truly stupid fuck 👱🏿you are are all 👱🏿👱🏿👱🏿👱🏿Ghanaia ns as
							stupid as you ? 🙈🙈🙈 Definition of beast Beast 1 a : a four-footed
							mammal as distinguished from a human being, a lower vertebrate, and an
							invertebrate b : a lower animal as distinguished from a human being c
							: an animal as distinguished from a plant d : an animal under human
							control So your still going on about black 👱🏿dick ? Why do you keep
							telling me about your boyfriend 🤔 JEFFERY IS A COCKSUCKER👉 👱🏿🐔👄👈
							JEFFERY IS ALSO A SHEEP AND GOATFUCKER 👉👱🏿🐑🐐👈
							[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

								So when that black dick tells you, you were a beast in bed , it means
								you are four footed. Oh ok. Or have you edited the definition? I seen
								others too.........
								[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

									You're very obsessed with black dick aren't you , for three months
									now you're telling me at least 8 times a day you're not gay , yet here
									you are still stalking me 🙀 No we have real dictionaries here will
									send some more aid money to all you👉 🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒 and you can buy some 📕📗📘📙📚👈
									HEY ! DONT CALL YOUR MOTHER FOUR FOOTED I KNOW SHE'S A DOG 🐕BUT SHE
									WAS A GOOD SCREW 🙎🏿🔩
									[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

										"You're very obsessed with black dick aren't you" Obsessed....!me? or
										you who thinks its yummy(only a gay like you has that confirmed) "for
										three months now " Man! You such a shameless liar, you lie without
										measure or precaution. " now you're telling me at least 8 times"
										Pathological liar. "yet here you are still stalking me 🙀" How many
										useless, uninvited replies do you have on all of my posts. beast UK
										Slang- a person who is very good at something He's an absolute beast
										when it comes to football beast NOUN 1An animal, especially a large or
										dangerous four-footed one: Take note, dangerous synonyms: animal,
										creature, brute; informalcritter "the terrible roaring of caged
										beasts" Take not , brute beast Translate Button [beest] noun the crude
										animal nature common to humans and the lower animals: Hunger brought
										out the beast in him. beast noun [ C ] UK ​ /biːst/ US ​ /biːst/
										formal an animal, especially a large or wild one:
										[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

											jeffreyone(539) 👈👈👈JEFFERY THE GAY STALKER 1 point 👇👇👇👇👇JEFFERYS
											CONFESSION 👇👇👇👇 I have a confession to make I'm in love with several
											white men and black men 🕵🏾‍♀️👮🕵🏾‍♀️ on CD ...that's why the goat 🐐I'm
											fucking got jealous ,I'm also in love with my neighbours chicken 🐔and
											think of doing terrible things to it and then roasting and eating it
											🐑🐑🐑🐕🐕🐕👊👊 52secs ago Support Dispute Clarify Report Jump to Debate→
											[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

												First of all i don't know how to do this: '♀️👮🕵🏾‍♀️'. 2. That is not
												how i write. Liar: no precautions or measurement. You're a complete
												idiot
												[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

													I know you dont because you're a 👉🐒 That's because you cannot 👉🖋 I
													never lie 😇 Well maybe but you believe humans are evolving into
													hamburgers 🍔 so I guess that's makes you super intelligent 🎓 In Ghana
													🙋‍♂️
													[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

														Yeah right, super intelligent indeed(frozen brain). Your intelligence
														cannot even compete with the most idiotic person in Ghana. Hey, Mark
														Zukerberg denounced atheism. http://www.karismaonline.org/ mark-
														zuckerberg/ You atheists keep getting lonely and lonier. You will be
														the only one left and will result to finding love and warmth from
														Goats and sheeps. They may understand your sorrow......but i bet in
														time even the goats and sheeps will also abandon you after a while
														because you are sick and more dumb than they are.
														[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

															You say .....👉Your intelligence cannot compete with the most idiotic
															person in Ghana.👈 Yes I know why would my intelligence want to compete
															with a country full of idiots ? You truly are a thick fucker do you
															even know what you type ? Why the fuck should I care what Mark
															Zuckerberg says you idiot ? Is that how fools like you make decisions
															because Mark says ? If Mark said he likes eating shit I bet you would
															eat it because you cannot think for yourself . The rest of your rant
															makes no sense , you're exactly like Saint you go around CD spreading
															your hate and you say you're a Christian , how the fuck are you a
															Christian when you hate everyone ?
															[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

																"why would my intelligence want to compete with a country full of
																idiots ?" Wisdom is bleek. And if you cannot percieve it as an idiot,
																you call it nonsense......and then declare yourself the wise. I know,
																it's hard. And stop being deluded, you are not intelligent, the only
																thing i see you are good at is consuming already prepared knowledge,
																but you never generated anything of your own head before. "Is that how
																fools like you make decisions because Mark says ?" I promise i was
																only rehearsing you. And Mark is influential, i expected him to have
																some influence on you(atheist).// I thought you could pick some wisdom
																from such a major decision he made.... There are a lot of other
																influential people once atheist now no more, even one claims
																he(60+yrs) saw jesus in his dream. "The rest of your rant makes no
																sense ," I was only immitating your style but thank God you're back to
																the normal senses and you recognise how stupid you usually are......i
																hope the channel doesn't change soon "you're exactly like Saint you go
																around CD spreading your hate and you say you're a Christian ," Rebuke
																is not Hate........spare the rod and strengthen stupidity "how the
																fuck are you a Christian when you hate everyone ?" You are the one who
																just said "fuck christians" ,remember?
																[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

																	You say.👉 wisdom is bleek 👈😂 again proving what a fucking idiot you
																	are , you misspell a word you do not even know what it means👉 bleak1 /
																	adjective (of an area of land) lacking vegetation and exposed to the
																	elements. "a bleak and barren moor" synonyms: bare, exposed, desolate,
																	stark, arid, desert, denuded, lunar, open, empty, windswept; More (of
																	a building or room) charmless and inhospitable; dreary. "he looked
																	round the bleak little room in despair" (of the weather) cold and
																	miserable. "a bleak midwinter's day" synonyms: cold, keen, raw, harsh,
																	wintry; More What an idiot you are 👉👱🏿 ... already prepared knowledge
																	👈 What the fuck does that even mean 😂😂 You were only rehearsing me 😳😂
																	what the fuck does that mean😂 You expected Mark to have influence on
																	me but that would mean using your 👉 ' Rehearsed knowledge ' which you
																	said is out 😳😂 So you know a 60 year old atheist who saw Jesus in a
																	dream 🙀 Yes I know you know other mad people so what ? I know someone
																	who saw a unicorn 🦄 In a dream your point is 🤔 Your stupidity is
																	obvious to everyone on CD that's why everyone mocks you 👉👱🏿 Rebuke is
																	not hate 👈👱🏿 Again proving your a hypocrite because you display your
																	naked hate every day also like most hypocrites you've never read the
																	bible as you're to dim 👉📖 1 Timothy 5:1 Never speak harshly to an
																	older man , but appeal to him respectfully as you would to your own
																	father . Talk to younger men as you would to your own brother . Which
																	makes you once again a liar and a hypocrite also what did Jesus say
																	about judging others 🤔 Bet you don't show your parents or preacher
																	your rebukes 😳 You're not a Christian at all 🤔 I'm not a Christian 🤔
																	So ? Neither are you idiot so why are you worried about what I say
																	about it ?
																	[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

																		"misspell a word " So what if i made a mistake. "The full proverb
																		goes as follows: “Where ignorance is bliss, 'Tis folly to be wise.” so
																		it is basically a longer example of your term, “wisdom is bleak.” In
																		it's simplest form, it basically means that not knowing something is
																		often more comfortable than knowing it." "Yes I know you know other
																		mad people so what ?" And you are sane because you have a masters or
																		what? All those people(i can reference but no need) are intellects
																		that you are no where near in comparison to them. "I know someone who
																		saw a unicorn" You're the biggest fool i have ever known in my life
																		and i can even swear on that. What has a unicorn got to do with the
																		point here. It's you whites who regard unicorns. In the normal
																		reasoning, when you talk about religion, it's about having a human
																		religious leader who inspires or influences you one way or the other
																		ex. Through speech,moral behaviour , writing or legacy.../ Which of
																		these does a unicorn posses. Infact why relate to a Unicorn a
																		religious entity? You're extremely stupid 1 Timothy 5:1 Never speak
																		harshly to an older man , but appeal to him respectfully as you would
																		to your own father . Oh come on dermot, give me a break, you don't
																		respect yourself in the first place...... You have to earn it this
																		time And you started this whole thing with your racist insults.... You
																		just don't fight with me, you fight with everyone else like a paranoid
																		kid. Your motive is to attack just for my views on belief as you do
																		with nowasaint. There is no difference and yet you demand my respect
																		as an elderly person? You should have it unconditionally but then i
																		don't think you are a good example as an elderly to our
																		generation......... If i was dumb, i might have been overwhelmed by
																		your elderliness no matter how you are.......but un/fortunately i am
																		not. You can command that from your 2s &amp;5s;You're Hazardous to
																		them You're not a Christian at all 🤔 I'm not a Christian 🤔 So ?
																		Neither are you idiot so why are you worried about what I say about it
																		? What is your definition of christian? Dumb? I am Christian and
																		therefore is a difference between you and I...... Don't think i live
																		in the mud with you.
																		[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

																			Yes you constantly make mistakes You said bleek So why are you
																			telling me about someone's dreams Sane because ?? What does that mean
																			You said a man dreamed of god I said a man dreamed of a unicorn ...
																			your point is ? Your next point makes no sense That's all you do tell
																			anyone who disagrees with you you're stupid Thank you for the armchair
																			character assessment that's from someone who hates everyone as in you
																			👌 Why would I want respect of you 😂 Wrong again from day one you
																			called me a white pig also why do you fight with everyone on CD and
																			never make an argument ? I told you before if you stop making comments
																			on my posts you will be left alone ,do you listen no , yesterday once
																			again you called me an abortionist and you think I won't retaliate .
																			The rest of your rant makes no sense and why are you assuming what age
																			,colour , and race I am ? Now one last time are you going to stay away
																			or do you want to keep on pushing ?
																			[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

																				Now one last time are you going to stay away or do you want to keep
																				on pushing ? You should be saying that to yourself...... You are the
																				stalker. I will pretend i haven't seen the rest up there....though i
																				always have replies
																				[Posted by jeffreyone at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

																					I was referring to this as well you know , you said 👉 Atheists who
																					despise the notion of creationism and only rely within the seeable
																					physical world aren't magicians (au contraire) He claim to be a
																					magician. 👈 if you argue intelligently you shouldn't be diverting the
																					topic to yourself, someone else or an irrelevant topic such as the
																					courtroom He started it that way and arguments between him and i have
																					been that way ever since.
																					[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

I never said this, but fuck Islam..................................
....................................... ......................
[Posted by Sitar at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Yeah right on fuck Islam, and fuck Christianity and free American
	flags for everyone 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🎈🎈🎈
	[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Ah yes, the Democrap love affair with Islam. Bleh! Stop kissing
		Muslim ass. I do not want my tax dollars funding jihadi regimes which
		do horrible things to women.
		[Posted by Sitar at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			You truly are a dimwitted brute how the fuck am I having a love
			affair with Islam when I said fuck Islam ? Fuck Christianity too ? Why
			are you mentioning democrats you do know there are countries outside
			America , your thick beyond comprehension
			[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Trump's Presidency has highlighted how other, more street wise
regimes have been taking America for a ride. For instance, the
Australian government had ''NEGOTIATED'' a deal with Obama that will
see the U.S, taking up to 1200, so called, Muslim refugees. Where are
the demonstrations in Australia about the inhumane conditions asylum
seekers and refugees are housed before they are kicked out? Australia
is a vast, underpopulated country well able to absorb an influx of of
the sad eyed Muslim losers with their hard luck stories and their
underlying resentment for the infidel westerners. The world has come
to assume that America is the rubbish dump for the fallout of the
world's failed nations and any attempt to regulate this intake of
people from the terrorist breeding hotspots is met with shouts of
racism. There is no doubt that America has made a stick with which to
beat it's own back with Trump trying to is trying to shorten the rod.
[Posted by Antrim at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

So you're saying that because these countries discriminate and
persecute entire groups of people for no reason other than how they
were born and raised, we should too? Gotcha.
[Posted by NicolasCage at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Far from being victims, Islamic states, still feeding off the spoils
	of colonial conquests during the golden age of the caliphate, are
	notoriously hostile to religious minorities, particularly Jews. Those
	countries are supported by you Progressives ! If it weren't so then
	you Progressives would not be having a childish fit about what you
	perceive as a "Muslim Ban"
	[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		I do not support those countries. I never have, and until they change
		their laws, I never will. However, that does not mean I do not support
		Muslims. Muslims are generally peaceful people (obviously not ISIS,
		don't bother deflecting with that) and many do not agree with the laws
		of their countries. Living under a government does not mean you agree
		with it. The reason we do not agree with the Muslim Ban is because it
		is disallowing refugees - which, in vast majority, are completely
		innocent men, women and children - simply because they come from a
		certain country (which, conveniently, are all majority Muslim. Isn't
		it funny how that turned out?). It's completely inhumane. You're
		dooming refugees to their deaths because of prejudice and fear of
		foreigners.
		[Posted by NicolasCage at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Here a list of all the Muslim countries that ban Israeli Jews: Syria
			,Iran ,Iraq,Yemen,Libya, Algeria,Bangladesh,Brunei,Kuwait,Lebano
			n,Malaysia,Oman,Pakistan,Sudan,Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates.
			Muslims are generally peaceful people ?
			[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				Here a list of all the Muslim countries that ban Israeli Jews: Once
				again, you're acting like I approve of this. I don't. But it isn't the
				fault of the people, it's the fault of the government. Muslims are
				generally peaceful people ? Yes. Have you ever met one?
				[Posted by NicolasCage at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					Far from being victims, Islamic states, still feeding off the spoils
					of colonial conquests during the golden age of the caliphate, are
					notoriously hostile to religious minorities, particularly Jews.
					Muslims are peaceful ?
					[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						Muslims are peaceful ? Yes. Have you ever met one? ..........
						[Posted by NicolasCage at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							Here a list of all the Muslim countries that ban Israeli Jews: Syria
							,Iran ,Iraq,Yemen,Libya, Algeria,Bangladesh,Brunei,Kuwait,Lebano
							n,Malaysia,Oman,Pakistan,Sudan,Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates.
							Muslims are peaceful ?
							[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

								Muslims are peaceful ? Yes. Have you ever met one? ..........
								[Posted by NicolasCage at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

									The majority are indeed peaceful people with the same hopes , fears
									,desires as any one else
									[Posted by Dermot at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

										Here a list of all the Muslim countries that ban Israeli Jews: Syria
										,Iran ,Iraq,Yemen,Libya, Algeria,Bangladesh,Brunei,Kuwait,Lebano
										n,Malaysia,Oman,Pakistan,Sudan,Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates.
										Not to peaceful as proof shows !
										[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

									Here a list of all the Muslim countries that ban Israeli Jews: Syria
									,Iran ,Iraq,Yemen,Libya, Algeria,Bangladesh,Brunei,Kuwait,Lebano
									n,Malaysia,Oman,Pakistan,Sudan,Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates.
									Muslims are peaceful ?
									[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							We already know his answer is no. That's why he refuses to answer.
							Crud. Sorry about the dispute, I can't change it.
							[Posted by Mint_tea at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

I hope we go to war with those barbarians. Kill em - less global
pollution. They r 1/3 population
[Posted by Slavedevice at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
