Title: Who had the more enduring vision of the United States? Hamilton or Jefferson?
Posted by coachorman
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/Who_had_the_more_enduring_vision_of_the_United_States_Hamilton_or_Jefferson

Comments:

Margaret Wirick Gorman 7th 1/11/14 Thomas Jefferson is the right
match for America rather than Alexander Hamilton because of his views
on equality, individual liberties, and his writings in the Declaration
of independence. I believe that even though Jefferson had some
negative things about him, he was a better fit for America than
Hamilton. He was always for the people and he never let race, gender,
or social status stand in the way of fighting for his people.
Jefferson wanted equality in the states. He had written in the
Declaration of Independence that “all men are created equal…” and
stood by that for the rest of his life. He understood that no man,
black or white, rich or poor, were no better than the other. Although
he had come from a wealthy family, his parents taught him to treat
people fairly and to not discriminate. Jefferson had a vision of slave
free states where no man was discriminated because of his race or
wealth. Jefferson also helped with the common people and did not
ignore them just because they were not rich like other people. He had,
“a deep faith in the common people especially farmers and he distrust
special privilege.” This means he depended on the common people as
much as he did the rich and did not give the rich more power, unlike
Hamilton who only trusted the rich and did not want anything to do
with the common people. In the Declaration of Independence, Jefferson
wrote that all men should have, “life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness.” Although Jefferson did not mean to put this in the
Declaration, it made a lasting impression of the kind of person that
he was. Putting these three ideas in the Declaration made him an icon
to the American people because he shaped America to be the way it is
today. If he had not included that statement, we may not have all the
rights and freedom that we have today. He impacted the way we live
today and that can never be outdone by anything Hamilton ever did.
Also, Jefferson wanted to protect our individual rights whereas
Hamilton wanted to limit them. Jefferson was more for the people than
Hamilton and that’s why he was a better match for America. One of the
most influential documents of America was the Declaration of
Independence. It includes the ideas of equality, and freedom. This
document had shaped America to what it is today. If he hadn’t written
this document, we would be so different from what we are today. In
this document, Jefferson wrote about all men being created equal and
religious freedom. He created an environment that everyone has rights
and no one is judged by their race or wealth. Jefferson wrote the
Declaration for his country because he knew that things had to change.
He changed the world and its views on slavery, freedom and equality.
This is why I chose Thomas Jefferson as a better fit for America than
Alexander Hamilton.
[Posted by Margaretw at 2014-01-11T14:55:49+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I disagree when you say that Jefferson was for the people regardless
	of race because in the debate we saw in class, we learned that
	Jefferson was a harsh slave owner.
	[Posted by EvannsM at 2014-01-12T18:24:56+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

		it also said that while other slave-owners freed their slaves upon
		death, he didn't. You can clearly find evidence that Hamilton was a
		strong abolitionist, while Jefferson wasn't.
		[Posted by PhilipKang at 2014-01-12T20:20:39+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

		I stand with Evanns on this, Margaret, you wrote that Jefferson
		didn't let things like race and gender get in the way of fighting for
		his people, but in my eyes it seems he did. An owner of more than 200
		African American slaves, his view of equality relating to race seems
		hazy, I mean, can you trust the guy who SAYS it don't matter if your
		black or white, when you go to his house and you see him with his
		whip, putting some tough love into the backs of his slaves... yeah if
		I'm not so sure if that's equal or not, I'll just go ask the slaves.
		But besides that screaming controversy, he also seemed to favor a few
		(slaves) and set them free for an exceptional reason. That reason
		being they were his unlawful children, and were set loose at
		adulthood. So there is my reasoning for not trusting someone who keeps
		his children as slaves for part of their lives. Blatantly,
		Gradioactive Destroyer
		[Posted by Grady at 2014-01-13T22:18:08+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree Margaret that Jefferson had a bigger and better effect on
	America
	[Posted by kinseyw at 2014-01-11T18:09:21+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

		Maragret, I like how you admitted that Jefferson had flaws. I agree
		that he did, but despite this his views on equality and freedom still
		made the greater impact on this nation
		[Posted by Jayceeq at 2014-01-12T12:30:55+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

			Yes, I like how you brought that up. Both Hamilton and Jefferson had
			things that were disagreeable. I agree with the fact that Jefferson
			was just overall a better fit and had a better vision for America. I
			think he was kind of like America in human form, with a few mistakes.
			[Posted by ElisabethC at 2014-01-12T18:14:16+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	i like how you pointed out his negatives but said how he still had a
	better impact on America
	[Posted by davidjung101 at 2014-01-12T16:01:43+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I agree that Jefferson had some negative things about him.
	[Posted by Katiao at 2014-01-12T17:39:26+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I agree whole-heartedly with each of these reasons! Jefferson would
	make a likelier candidate.
	[Posted by saramon at 2014-01-12T19:37:10+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I agree with you completely Margaret his words and promises he has
	stated in the Declaration of Independence are why I think his vision
	is much better than Hamiltons. I also agree though with one of the
	comments from earlier. It was very confusing about how he thought all
	men were created equal yet he still had slaves...but you have to think
	about also that he set them free, I think in the debate we saw in
	class it said 7 or 8? But he set them free over time meaning after he
	had slaves he let them go.
	[Posted by Audrey41 at 2014-01-12T20:40:44+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I like how you wrote what he stood for and included his background
	[Posted by KeeganW at 2014-01-12T20:56:04+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I think that while Jefferson's achievements are notable, his views on
	government, economy, and industrialism aren't even close to how good
	Hamiltons were.
	[Posted by aidanmawrice at 2014-01-12T21:56:10+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	i disagree when you say he wanted equality in the states because he
	owned like 200 slaves and never let them free when he died.
	[Posted by zachv at 2014-01-12T23:24:03+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

" Free people claim their rights as derived from the laws of nature,
and not as the gift of their chief magistrate." Thomas Jefferson.
Jefferson was a brilliant , yet soft spoken man, notorious for his
gifted writing skills. When faced with the fate of American,he made
some significant decisions that changed the way we regarded our
miraculous nation. Thomas Jefferson had a very compelling vision for
America and certainly impacted the way America is seen today. His
beliefs on a democratic government, supporting the protections of
individual rights; fathering the Declaration of Independence , and his
other contributions  to America are what make him a likelier suite for
the young nation rather than any other candidate. Establishing a
democratic government involved allowing all  others to have a say in
how they were governed. Jefferson supported this , as it did not
restrict having a voice in the government to only a certain class,
primarily the wealthy land owners. In his mind, every man is created
equally , as dictated in the Declaration of  Independence. They shall
all be granted freedoms and rights of the same degree, know as
unalienable rights.  The right to love life and the pursuit of
happiness are among them. Jefferson proposed a fair and just
government, swiftly allowing any man of any class to voice their
opinion. Such fervent beliefs of government reflect on Jefferson as a
person. He was born into a wealthy family of the highest class, and
did not allow his back round to cloud his judgment nor define him. He
stood firm in his thoughts of equality and guaranteed freedoms to any
man by supporting a democratic government. Jefferson also openly
displayed trust among American citizens, by allowing the people to
govern themselves, it shows that he sincerely trusts them to uphold a
government in which they can take pride in, and claim everyone is
pleased with. As it is the case with most political leaders, trust is
evident; however most mutual citizens , whichever party they extend
their beliefs to gain trust for their desired candidate; trust to
govern accordingly with similar beliefs. It is very rarely though does
the political leader share this same feeling of trust. This is why
candidate, Thomas Jefferson would be the most successful as a
potential  suite for the young nation rather than any other candidate.
Citizens in favor of Jefferson trust him to maintain their simple
rights and freedoms, and in return, he trusts citizens, to have a
capital judgment, and to lead a successful government. When trust
becomes mutual, favorable results, especially in a political sys rem,
flourish. During the time of ratification of the Constitution, the two
candidates for America, Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton,
joined separate parties. Jefferson's beliefs favored the anti-
federalists, or those who opposed ratification of the Constitution,
while Hamilton joined the opposite. Jefferson feared that by ratifying
the Constitution, individual rights and liberties may have been taken
away. He was especially wary, as there was no sort of protection of
these rights mentioned in the Constitution. Jefferson absolutely
refused to support it until actions were taken to secure the personal
rights and liberties  of American citizens. In 1791, the American Bill
of Rights, inspired by Thomasa Jefferson, and drafted by James
Madison, was adopted. Jefferson worked diligently to secure the rights
of American citizens, something taken for granted daily. By requesting
the Bill of Rights, he ensured that no power could be taken from those
who should govern America, the people. Jefferson himself said, "A bill
of rights is what the people are entitled to against every government
on earth, general or particular, and what no just government should
refuse, or rest on inference." America, viewed by modern society, is
considered to be quite diverse  with a multitude of different
cultures, ethnicities, and religions. This is partly due to Thomas
Jefferson. Jefferson introduced the idea of religious freedom by
drafting the Virginia Act for Establishing Religious Freedom of 1779.
He firmly believed in allowing American citizens the opportunity to
decide upon their own religious faith. He considered this a right to
which should be applied to all citizens of America. Jefferson created
for himself a lasting impact on American culture today through the
administration of religious freedom. This opportunity increased the
diversity of our country. He felt that religion and state should be
kept separate for the benefit of a successful country, which would
later be pr oven accurate. Thomas Jefferson accomplished many things
in life, such as  writing the Declaration of Independence. This
document is what created America by formally announcing our separation
from Great Britain. This document is one of the most famous in
American history and was vital to our success Asa growing indecent
nation. The Declaration incorporates the way Americans regard
themselves, as does outline many other areas of significance. The
document not only signifies the pride of finally being able to
accomplish a nation of Independence, but also serves as an expression
of American identity. That document dictates who we are, as proud and
free Americans. The Constitution, what we continue to govern ourselves
with today, embodies certain aspects and principles of the Declaration
of Independence. Our entire form of government contains small
inferences of the Declaration. Without it, America would not be the
powerful nation it has evolved into over the years with Jefferson's
help. He outlined the fundamental rights to life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness. It is through this document that the equality of
man is evident. With that simple line alone, any individual person
now has the opportunities available to any other. This man of
brilliant nature created one of the most influential documents in
history. In one document, he outlined and explained with up most
importance and detail, what Americans stand for, why we reside as a
dignified and independent nation, the basic rights and freedoms
guaranteed to all American citizens, and so much more. It seems only
right to claim that the man with the most enduring vision for America,
is the one who created it, through writing and mind, and defended it
with heart and soul. It was through his words written in the ink of
his hand, that all Americans are proud and free. We operate as more
than a whole, perfectly free from any tyrant who deems it fit to strip
away our liberties, and crush our spirits.  When America comes to
mind, not only do we think of it as a noble, distinguished nation, but
also a powerful and expansive country. We also have Jefferson to thank
for this. Through means of the Louisiana Purchase, he nearly doubled
the size of America with a deal among the French leader Napoleon
Bonaparte for once the price of 15 million dollars, Jefferson gained a
respectable piece of land containing the future states of Louisiana,
Arkansas, Missouri, Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota,
Kansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, Colorado, Wyoming, and
Montana. Some might argue that this was done in unconstitutional ways
due to the fact that buying such a large sum of land was not written
anywhere in the Constitution. This can be easily overcome as the
effects of purchasing the land were splendid. This deal doubled the
size of America, allowed trade to flourish, and made the nation
stronger and more prosperous as a whole. When faced with a difficult
decision, Jefferson did what he thought was best for America, and it
definitely paid off. Settlers had new opportunities to create a new
life and contributed to the success of our country.   Because Thomas
Jefferson was born into a wealthy family, you would expect his actions
and beliefs to reflect on this; however this was not the case.
Jefferson craved equality in this new nation.  He stood for a
democratic government in which all people, regardless of class, had a
say in the way they were governed. He did not allow his past or his
background determine his future. Jefferson grew to gain his own
theories and beliefs, which reflected only on himself as person, not
where he came from. He thought to include everyone and greatly favored
equality  amongst American citizens. With a democratic government, he
believed the people had the ability to make the right choices if they
became aware. He established mutual trust with all of those who
believed in him to lead a successful country. They trusted him to keep
their rights, and liberties, and he trusted them to prosper with their
own voices in the government. Trust is something that is not typically
found in politics , but it has arrived in the form of Thomas
Jefferson. He supported the protection of individual rights, and
fought until some sort of actions were taken, and invested into the
constitution. He is responsible for the diversity of America,
beginning religiously with his drafting of the Virginia act for
establishing religious freedom. He believed in choice and opportunity.
He proclaimed the identity of America when he wrote the Declaration of
Independence. Jefferson was at the country's side even when it first
formed. He authored its birth certificate, while outlining American
expression in the process. The Declaration of Independence is how we,
as Americans think of ourselves, and to think that this exceptional
man helped begin such an idea, is outstanding. He doubled the size of
the country which in turn allowed the economy flourish, as well as
provide new opportunities of life for settlers. Thomas Jefferson is
the reason America prospered into a large respectable nation. He stood
by the side of the people and defended us with everything he had. All
the while, Jefferson never once forgot where he came from, but he did
not let it dictate his life either. Thomas Jefferson, founding father,
author of the Declaration of Independence, founder of the University
of Virginia, and third president of the United States, discovered
balance. He stood by America from infancy, when it first broke away
from Britain, is standing by it now, with is lasting effect on the
country, and will forever be by its side. The United States of America
is Jefferson's country, and although scarred, is still, and forever be
going strong.
[Posted by saramon at 2014-01-12T19:39:38+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Example argument from past student. (Skyler Simon) To me, a legacy is
the impact a person made on their time, and what they left to help the
future. Jefferson started from a rich family, but that didn't matter
to him. His legacy was created from the ground up. He spoke through
the written word, which tends to have a greater impact on people,
seeing as how they will see the words again and again. He was full of
great virtues, and trusted the people, but not to a fault. Educated
people were to be trusted with power. They will be able to make good
decisions if they know what is going on. Everybody counts, from the
youngest slave, to the wealthiest plantation owner. Now, think about
the rights you have. Jefferson is the reason you have them. He
demanded that a Bill of Rights be added to the Constitution. He
ensured that the government could not take the power from us, the
people. Hamilton thought the national government should have the
power, but Jefferson knew that the people were the ones that should
govern the new, democratic nation. He knew that this would prevent the
government from ever being unfair to the people like Britain was to
America. Now, think of him as the author of the Declaration of
Independence. He wrote that as humans, we have the FUNDAMENTAL RIGHT
to "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." The "unalienable
rights" we possess are thanks to him. He believed that all humans are
equal, no matter if they were born with a silver spoon in their mouth,
like him, or if they were born into nothing. They have the opportunity
to get educated, to take their freedoms and run with them, to make
something out of themselves! Without such a strong document to declare
these rights, written by a brilliant man who can make his words come
alive, we would not be the strong country we are today. In fact, these
principles have been introduced into many state Constitutions over the
years. These are ideas burned into the minds of all US citizens.
Immigrants come here because they know that America will guarantee
them these rights which they have been denied in their home countries.
Thomas Jefferson also drafted the bill for religious freedom. It gave
all citizens of Virginia religious freedom, and it also explained
about separation of church and state. Many people hadn't thought of
this and had just assumed that there would be a national religion and
that it would be part of the new government of America. The ideas
Jefferson explores in this bill are integrated into the Bill of Rights
in the 1st Amendment. In office, Jefferson DOUBLED the size of our
country, thereby securing our spot as a growing world power. By
increasing our boundaries by so much, he allowed for more settlers to
come and help make America prosper. He grew our nation to a new size
with new land that was very different from the land we already owned.
It allowed for new opportunities, in both economics and landowning,
letting families go find their fortune in the west. He was a positive
man who looked out for the farmers. He trusted the people with the
fate of our country. He knew that we could make good decisions if we
knew what was going on. His ideas changed the way Americans see their
rights and freedoms. His ideas changed the way we see each other. They
altered the public’s relationship with the government. These ideas
that came from Thomas Jefferson's head are etched into our brains. All
the rights people are guaranteed in America, the rights that are the
root of war in so many countries such as Libya and Darfur in Sudan;
the unrest in China due to internet censorship, and the anger in
America when they tried to limit us. Without a Bill of Rights, the
government may have been able to enforce SOPA and PIPA, because we
wouldn't have had a right to be violated. Thank Thomas Jefferson for
American freedoms. Thank him for your rights. Even more importantly,
thank him for freeing us from the tyrant that was Britain.
[Posted by coachorman at 2014-01-09T10:33:36+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I agree with Ms.Gorman, education is very important and helps people
	make well informed choices.
	[Posted by MasonMch at 2014-01-12T21:14:34+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

In my opinion, Thomas Jefferson had a bigger impact on America rather
than Alexander Hamilton. Whether or not he had negatives that took
away from his impact I support Jefferson because he made the bigger
impact due to his ideas about inalienable rights, his strict
interpretation of the Constitution, and his favoring of a more
Democratic government rather than following the British model. Even
though Thomas Jefferson grew up in a rather wealthy family he was
always in support of equality and inalienable rights. To him it did
not matter whether the individual was black or white, but rather the
fact that he was a citizen of this great nation and deserved the same
rights as anyone else. In the Declaration of Independence Thomas
Jefferson wrote all men are endowed to the inalienable rights of life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. He also favored slave free
states and didn't discriminate against anyone in the states. With his
dependency on the common people and his distrust in special privilege
he showed that he relied on the common people to do what was right and
that he didn't give the richer people any more power than the common
people. Due to this we can surmise that Thomas Jefferson had a well-
developed character, respected everyone equally, and was more of a
social figurehead rather than Hamilton. Unlike Hamilton, Jefferson
favored a more Democratic government rather than a British styled
government. This meant that Jefferson wanted more power to be put in
the people and not the government officials. He also wanted the common
people to have as equal of a vote as the rich and wealthy would.
Jefferson wanted a Democratic government in order to restore power to
the people and let them elect their officials rather than the
officials have an “Entitlement” to their position. He didn't want a
wealthy politician deciding what to do with the country, but rather he
wanted the people to decide. Jefferson also favored a strict
interpretation of the Constitution. I agree with this because our
country’s political system was based off of the Constitution and it is
what we should rule ourselves by. Even George Washington once said,
“The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon.” This was
because it was written for us to follow it and not stray from. Thomas
Jefferson made a lasting impact on our nation that we will never
forget. He wrote the Declaration of Independence, established the
ideas of inalienable rights and equality, wanted a more Democratic
government, and wanted to have a stricter interpretation of the
Constitution. He also made a lasting impression on the world because
other countries model themselves after us. Many immigrants leave their
nation because they would rather live in a nation in which everyone is
equal and free. I support Thomas Jefferson because he helped us become
who we are as a nation to this day.
[Posted by TommyG at 2014-01-12T18:06:25+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I agree with you completely when you ralk about his principle of
	equality.
	[Posted by KeeganW at 2014-01-12T21:00:13+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I agree with Tommy, having a strong state government makes a lot of
	sense because of the past pains the colonists had experienced with the
	British.
	[Posted by MasonMch at 2014-01-12T21:19:55+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I think of Jefferson as a hypocrite because he said that he believed
	all men to be equal, but his actions contradicted that.
	[Posted by AndrewW at 2014-01-13T11:13:33+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Between Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson, it is in my opinion
that Thomas Jefferson left the better and more enduring vision for
America. He was a powerful advocate for the people, while Hamilton
cared more for creating an economy. Hamilton may have created the
backbone for the country, but Jefferson made the country possible. He
also expanded the country with the Louisiana Purchase. In all,
Jefferson had a better view on human rights, on how the government
should be run, and who could vote. In the Declaration of Independence,
Jefferson stated that "...all men are created equal", and while he may
have been a bit of a hypocrite in the fact that he himself owned
slaves, he still helped free them in many states, and create rights
for them, when the rest of the country was reluctant to give them. He
was also wanted to keep their rights free of any government
interference in case of tyranny, and wanted them protected by laws. He
supported the people, and he was very down-to-earth, even though he
came from a wealthy background. Hamilton, however, cared more for
establishing a sound economy and National Bank then for the people,
even though he himself was raised poor as dirt. Jefferson believed
that there should be a strict interpretation with the constitution,
unlike Jefferson, who wanted a looser interpretation. Jefferson wrote
that "all men had the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness. Jefferson wanted to protect the 'unalienable' rights of the
people by law in case of tyranny. Hamilton wanted to restrict some of
the human rights, the basic rights that we as humans, and citizens of
the United States take for granted. He believed in a more Democratic
government, a government run by the people. He knew that the best
government would be one in which the people made their own decisions,
because who knows better than the people who actually live in the
country? The wealthier classes might have a better education in
politics and government, but they don't fact the same challenges and
hardships that the ordinary man or woman might. Therefore, they are
the only ones who are qualified to actually make those decisions for
the well-being of the country. He also wanted to lower the voting
qualifications, which would allow more of the actual people to be able
to vote, not just the rich and wealthy classes. If Hamilton had his
way, only the richest would be able to vote, which wouldn't be very
productive since they would only be voting in the interest of their
money and the economy, most likely. The poorer farmers and merchants,
however, know what changes would need to be made. I support Jefferson,
because he was for the people. He wanted them to be able to make their
own decisions, not some wealthy politician. He supported their rights,
and he wanted an economy that helped them.
[Posted by NoelleD at 2014-01-12T09:35:22+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	Noelle, in your introduction I agree that he was the more powerful
	advocate for the people and that he had a better view on human rights.
	[Posted by TommyG at 2014-01-12T18:09:03+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I agree with your explanation on why he wanted to lower voting
	qualifications.
	[Posted by KeeganW at 2014-01-12T20:37:46+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Thomas Jefferson inspired those around him and those who followed in
his footsteps and thats why I believe that he left a more lasting
effect on America then Alexander Hamilton did. Other than being the
writer of the Declaration of Independence, Thomas Jefferson wanted to
lower the voting qualifications, protect individual rights, and help
the French in their war against the British. To lower the voting
qualifications means to allow everyone, no matter who you are, to vote
if you're over a certain age. This would make everyone equal and
create more of a democratic government, run by the people. Thomas
Jefferson also trusted the people and valued their opinion, other than
Alexander Hamilton who believed that common people acted foolishly and
that the government should be run by the wealthy, in more of a British
system of government. Even though Thomas Jefferson distrusted the
wealthy, he still believed in the common people and that everyone one
should have the right to vote which is an important thing in our
society today. Thomas Jefferson also wanted to protect the individual
rights of the citizens. This is important because if he did not do
this, then we might not have the same rights that we do today. He
accomplished this by writing the Declaration of Independence and
having input on the Bill of Rights. This has left an everlasting
effect on America and is one of Thomas Jefferson's biggest
achievements. As Jefferson says, "We hold these truths to be self-
evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by
their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are
Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness". Jefferson also believed
that America should support the French in their war against Britain.
This is good because the French helped us in the revolutionary war, so
we should help them back. By helping the French we could have also
gained other international allies. Jefferson was remembered for his
caring attitude and how he treated others with respect and love. I
believe that Jefferson left an everlasting impact on America because
he was an ingenious man who believed in lowering the voting
qualifications, protecting America's individual rights, and helping
the French win their war against the British.
[Posted by AshleyA at 2014-01-12T11:12:26+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I like how you added a major quote by Thomas Jefferson. I also like
	how you added the part where we helped the French which helped us gain
	other international allies.
	[Posted by MadelineS at 2014-01-12T21:25:37+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I like how you start out your argument by talking about how inspiring
	Thomas Jefferson was to the people rather than Alexander Hamilton.
	This personally makes me feel more confident in my choice with
	Jefferson. I also like how you quote his three beliefs on life,
	liberty, and the persuit of happiness. well done!
	[Posted by Maggieblack at 2014-01-13T08:32:55+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Today, the United States of America is one of the worlds strongest
and most enduring countires. It's roots though, tie back to the great
men of our past, who worked exceptionaly hard to create our nation.
There were many great men during this time, however for me, Thomas
Jerfferson left one of the greatest and most enduirng legacies for
this country. Everywhere you look, you can see the influence his
idea's and action's had, and still have on us today. Thomas Jefferson
was born a rich man in the south. This could have greatly impacted his
attutide towards other, but instead, Jefferson became a bold man of
ideas and morals. Some of his greatest achievements are based around
this sole, and radical idea of equality and that all men are created
equal. When Thomas Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independece, he
created a symbol and basis that this country is shaped from. America
is the land of the free, and this is what began it all. When Jefferson
wrote about how people had unalienable rights, his only concern was to
stick up for the 'little guy', as he put it. He didn't want any one
person or group to have special privalge or treatment over another,
especially coming out of a war with British rule. Jefferson was a man
of the people, and his greatest concern was of protecting their
rights. His morals are something that has inspired many throghout
history, and continues to be a basis for this country today. These
idea's, helped shape a country like no other, and still continues to
impact not only us, but other's around the world. Jefferson's strong
sense of fairness and equality didn't stop in his written works, which
are a national symbol today, but extended to his idea's about
government as well. Jefferson believed the best way to run this
country would be to create a democracy. At this time finding a true
democracy was nearly impossilbe, but Jerfferson still wanted to try.
In order to have a true democracy, Jefferson understood that all men
should have a say in government, which goes back to his idea's and
beliefs that all men are created equal. He pushed to lower voting
qualifications, which would allow more people to have a say in their
country. He did understand that better educated men should have part
in the government, but didn't want them to control everything. He
believed that the state government should have power over their own
people, although he still supported the Constitution. He only demanded
a bill of rights. When it came to religion, Jefferson wanted the
government to be seperate from the church, allowing greater freedom of
religion. Although Jefferson's economy pushed for superiority of
farmers, this was only to allow advantage to the hard workers who
deserved to profit from the economoy as much as others. At the time,
this was not such an unrealistic idea, but a precaution of equal
oppurtunity for all. All these are purely for the sake of protecting
individual rights of citizens, and giving the people control over the
government. These are integral parts of democracy as a whole, and of
the way we run our government today. Without Jefferson, these idea's,
and the very identity and meaning of this nation may not be the same.
Jefferson inspired the mind and hearts of men with his idea's and
writing, a legacy that is carried down and spread from generation to
generation even today. His impact on this society is also physical
though, severly changing the geography of this nation as a whole.
Jefferson was one of the politicians responsilbe for the land
ordinance of 1784, which promoted the expansion of the country by
protecting the rights of the settlers and regions being settled. The
largest geographical accomplishment though, happened in Jefferson's
presiency. Jefferson bought the Lousiana purchase, an extensive area
of fertile and prosperous land for a very low cost. This land purchase
nearly doubled the size of the country, which helped us become the
national powerhouse we are today. The protected rights of settlers
though, are what allowed people to move west, taking full advantage of
the land, and bringing more people to the country as a whole.
Jeffeson's work not only inspired the American mind, system of
government, and the geography itself, but helped us create our
identity today. America is a large land, know for its equality and
freedom. These rich promises bring people here from all over the
world, inspire others, and make us one of greatest countries. All of
these things though, were greatly inspired and influenced by Thomas
Jefferson. America today, is his legacy.
[Posted by Jayceeq at 2014-01-12T14:38:52+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	Jaycee, I really agree with your conclusion about how he inspired the
	American mind and how he helped create our identity.
	[Posted by TommyG at 2014-01-12T18:08:01+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

I think Jefferson made a bigger on America. His family was rich, but
he didn’t let that change his mind about other people. He supported
equal rights and human rights. He wrote the Declaration of
Independence, and he introduced the ideas of life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness. Unalienable rights were rights that could not be
taken away from an individual no matter what, are thanks to him. He
believed all men were created equal. Thomas Jefferson also created the
bill for religious freedom. It gave all citizens of Virginia religious
freedom, and it also explained about separation of church and state.
Many people hadn't thought of this and had just assumed that there
would be a national religion and that it would be part of the new
government of America. The ideas Jefferson explores in this bill are
in the the Bill of Rights in the 1st Amendment. These are some of the
reasons that I think Thomas Jefferson had a bigger impact on America
than Alexander Hamilton
[Posted by davidjung101 at 2014-01-12T16:15:23+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	yes I agree and I like how you focused on his role in equality and
	how it was a bigger impact on America than hamiltons
	[Posted by Deanl at 2014-01-12T19:39:23+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	Yes Jefferson did have those views on unalienable rights, but he was
	completely controversial to his own writings because he owned slaves,
	and wasn't exactly a nice slave owner either
	[Posted by jonahott at 2014-01-13T02:02:27+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Thomas Jefferson was born and raised in riches. Yet, in spite of
this, his parents always taught him to stick up for the little guy.
The guy who didn't have much, the underdog who the rich overlooked. He
especially thought the farmers and planters, the ones who grew the
food the rich ate, had wisdom and insights that were often pushed
aside. He was the author of the Declaration of Independence, an
influential politician, and a voice for the people. Thomas Jefferson
wrote the document that declared independence from Britain. The
Declaration of Independence was the paper that was given to King
George the Third to tell him the baby bird had left the nest. This was
and still is one of the most influential documents in American
history, a statement to the people that they are free. Being the main
author of this document, Jefferson made sure to make his position
clear. He wanted everyone to know that no matter their background,
amount of money they had, or social standing could stop them from
their very own 'pursuit of happiness.' He believed these words with
all his heart, and everyone could see his heart on his sleeve. He was
praised for it, but it also made him an outsider to many. His role in
declaring America and independent nation can not be rivaled, and his
vision for America and it's independence lasts until this very day.
Jefferson was an influential colonial leader and politician. He
believed that the people should be in charge of themselves, and he was
a leader of the Democratic view. He opposed the thought that the
people who were just born into fine families should be the only people
given the chance to change the nation. The idea and vision that the
people should have the power is still the main government today, and
he was the main reason that the idea even exists. Thomas was always a
voice for the common people. He was always side-by-side with the poor,
even though as a child he was raised with the rich. He was surrounded
by people who thought that money was connected directly with the heart
of a person, but he knew and was taught by his parents that that was
not true. By having that insight from his parents he was able to
connect with more people and get more thoughts from more than just the
rich. He was able to be a great president later on because he was able
to connect with not just the rich, but also the poor. He was able to
benefit all people, and continue to be a voice for everyone.
[Posted by ElisabethC at 2014-01-12T18:06:13+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I like that you gave his back story and how he was raised compared to
	others of his time it shows that it all depends on what morals you are
	taught as a child
	[Posted by Deanl at 2014-01-12T19:46:30+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I like the fact that Jefferson never forgot where he came from, but
	didn't allow it to define his beliefs.
	[Posted by saramon at 2014-01-12T19:47:02+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

In my perspective I believe Thomas Jefferson had a more enduring
vision of America rather than Hamilton because he truly believed in
the People. Thomas Jefferson believed fully that everyone is equal,
and that everyone has a different perspective on things. Since
everyone does indeed have their own view on things, this way of
government can bring diversity, and wise decision making to America.
Rather than Hamilton who believed the strong central government (much
like Britain) should control over the states instead of listening to
the people. This way of government obviously didn't work out, shown by
the American Revolution. Yes we are human, and yes humans tend to get
selfish but Jefferson believes the people will come together and make
decisions that is truly best for everyone. Think about it, we live our
everyday lives and we know the current problems that the government
might be causing ,are problems the government just can't see. Thats
why Jefferson believed the people could solve these problems,making
the government at peace. Now think about this, freedom of speech,
freedom of religion, or right to a speedy trial. If it wasn't for
Thomas Jefferson you wouldn't have these rights. Jefferson made sure
to never let a common person be treated unfairly to the rich
government just because of a "power" difference. Jefferson forced
these rights for the people because with a strong central government
these rights would protect the people and not be treated unfairly by
the government like Britain did. Yes I do believe that Hamilton was
right to think of alliances with the U.S., and to set up national
banks. But, Hamilton only believed in the "rich" people and didn't
believe in equality. This in my opinion would start riots because just
like in Britain, the people would have little say. But, putting the
power to the people like Jefferson believed, this would be a more fair
and successful way of government.
[Posted by Maggieblack at 2014-01-12T18:18:11+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I agree completley with your statements. Jefferson only wanted the
	best for the people, but he wanted the people to be involved in what
	was happening in our country. He wanted it to be far for all of us. He
	is the reason why we have such great rights today.
	[Posted by Audrey41 at 2014-01-13T08:34:04+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Example argument from past year's student. (Skyler Simon) To me, a
legacy is the impact a person made on their time, and what they left
to help the future. Jefferson started from a rich family, but that
didn't matter to him. His legacy was created from the ground up. He
spoke through the written word, which tends to have a greater impact
on people, seeing as how they will see the words again and again. He
was full of great virtues, and trusted the people, but not to a fault.
Educated people were to be trusted with power. They will be able to
make good decisions if they know what is going on. Everybody counts,
from the youngest slave, to the wealthiest plantation owner. Now,
think about the rights you have. Jefferson is the reason you have
them. He demanded that a Bill of Rights be added to the Constitution.
He ensured that the government could not take the power from us, the
people. Hamilton thought the national government should have the
power, but Jefferson knew that the people were the ones that should
govern the new, democratic nation. He knew that this would prevent the
government from ever being unfair to the people like Britain was to
America. Now, think of him as the author of the Declaration of
Independence. He wrote that as humans, we have the FUNDAMENTAL RIGHT
to "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." The "unalienable
rights" we possess are thanks to him. He believed that all humans are
equal, no matter if they were born with a silver spoon in their mouth,
like him, or if they were born into nothing. They have the opportunity
to get educated, to take their freedoms and run with them, to make
something out of themselves! Without such a strong document to declare
these rights, written by a brilliant man who can make his words come
alive, we would not be the strong country we are today. In fact, these
principles have been introduced into many state Constitutions over the
years. These are ideas burned into the minds of all US citizens.
Immigrants come here because they know that America will guarantee
them these rights which they have been denied in their home countries.
Thomas Jefferson also drafted the bill for religious freedom. It gave
all citizens of Virginia religious freedom, and it also explained
about separation of church and state. Many people hadn't thought of
this and had just assumed that there would be a national religion and
that it would be part of the new government of America. The ideas
Jefferson explores in this bill are integrated into the Bill of Rights
in the 1st Amendment. In office, Jefferson DOUBLED the size of our
country, thereby securing our spot as a growing world power. By
increasing our boundaries by so much, he allowed for more settlers to
come and help make America prosper. He grew our nation to a new size
with new land that was very different from the land we already owned.
It allowed for new opportunities, in both economics and landowning,
letting families go find their fortune in the west. He was a positive
man who looked out for the farmers. He trusted the people with the
fate of our country. He knew that we could make good decisions if we
knew what was going on. His ideas changed the way Americans see their
rights and freedoms. His ideas changed the way we see each other. They
altered the public’s relationship with the government. These ideas
that came from Thomas Jefferson's head are etched into our brains. All
the rights people are guaranteed in America, the rights that are the
root of war in so many countries such as Libya and Darfur in Sudan;
the unrest in China due to internet censorship, and the anger in
America when they tried to limit us. Without a Bill of Rights, the
government may have been able to enforce SOPA and PIPA, because we
wouldn't have had a right to be violated. Thank Thomas Jefferson for
American freedoms. Thank him for your rights. Even more importantly,
thank him for freeing us from the tyrant that was Britain.
[Posted by coachorman at 2014-01-09T12:29:16+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

We can break this down into three categories. Economical, social, and
political. Economical: Hamilton favored a national bank, public debt,
a strong commercial and industrial society, tariffs. Jefferson opposed
the National bank and wanted state banks instead. Debts to be paid
quickly, and an agrarian society. Social: Hamilton favored the wealthy
running the country and was supported by the upper class whereas
Jefferson favored the common people in charge and was supported by the
lower and middle class. Political: Hamilton favored a strong central
government based on the British system, broad interpretation of the
constitution, a central government that is active in the economy and
military, opposed the idea of states rights. Jefferson believed in a
more democratic government that increased states rights and a more
strict interpretation of the constitution, especially separation of
church and state. So, on the question of who had the more enduring
vision of the US, here is the final breakdown. economical- favors
Hamilton social- favors Jefferson political- favors Jefferson So my
vote goes to Jefferson
[Posted by zico20 at 2014-01-09T17:44:51+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

He is more known then Alexander Hamilton and he was one the men who
actually authored the declaration of independence.
[Posted by Jacobcoolguy at 2014-01-09T17:54:37+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Thomas Jefferson lived a rather simple life, but his beliefs shone
through his actions and words. Thomas Jefferson deeply believes in
hard work. If you strive to succeed, you are worth just as much a the
wealthy. Everyone should succeed and receive the same chances and
representation. no one person has special privileges. This philosophy
is still evident today, some would say its the american way. Equality
is the key to sustaining a lively country. This key opens the door to
freedom, liberty, and prosperity in this great nation. Jefferson
represents the people, which is why he favored a strong State
Government and a weak National Government. He prefers a more
Democratic government, he believed in a "Wise and frugal Government
which shall restrain men from injuring one another". To influence
Central Government he reduced government employees and lowered
National Debts. Interpreting the constitution strictly, Thomas
Jefferson runs the country for the people
[Posted by AbbyGarraty at 2014-01-09T18:57:03+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	While I side with Hamilton, I do believe in the value of hard work
	and find Hamilton's belief in well born and rich only to be limiting.
	A little more information of how Jefferson impacted this country would
	have helped.
	[Posted by Hunteray09 at 2014-01-16T18:29:47+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

“The nation will find it very hard to look up to the leaders who are
keeping their ears to the ground.”-Sir Winston Churchill. Alexander
Hamilton had great visions, but did he ask the people? Thomas
Jefferson focused on equality for everyone, and surrounded himself
with all kinds of people. Generosity was top priority for Thomas
Jefferson. He tried to help everyone he could, and would sacrifice so
much for the greater good of others, like most people in society
today.. Alexander wasn't even close to the current ideals in society.
Of course, everyone can get road rage and be unruly, but we end up all
fair to each other. Hamilton despised the less fortunate; even though,
keep in mind, he was poor at a time as well. So, who was the more
generous one? The freedoms we have today are because of good old
Thomas Jefferson. When he wrote the Declaration of Independence, he
wanted everybody to have equal and ideal rights. What did Hamilton
want? A government modeled after Britain that gave no power to the
states which would end up having no say! Think about it, if Hamilton
got his way, he could have taken our power just like Britain (which is
why we fought back)! Thomas Jefferson doubled our blooming country’s
size from one of the world’s most powerful governments, not to mention
for very cheap. You don’t hear about Hamilton’s achievements for
America’s government while he was president. In my opinion, all he had
were ideas that other people adopted. Hamilton wanted to bend
America’s rights and rules with a broad interpretation of the
Constitution! Jefferson actually led using what the ink on the paper
by a strict interpretation to be clear with the people he would
eventually rule. Hamilton thought things were “close enough”. My vote
goes to Jefferson, and so should yours.
[Posted by joneszach6 at 2014-01-10T17:08:48+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I agree Zach that although Hamilton may have better ideas as far as
	the economy, Jefferson did leave a better impact
	[Posted by kinseyw at 2014-01-11T18:06:51+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	i agree with you on how thomas jefferson thought of everyone as equal
	no matter who they were.
	[Posted by davidjung101 at 2014-01-12T16:03:45+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	Zach, I agree that Jefferson left a bigger impact on our nation, and
	I really liked your quote at the beginning of your introduction.
	[Posted by TommyG at 2014-01-12T18:10:40+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Though it was difficult to make a decision, I decided on Jefferson.
Jefferson had better views on human rights, type of government, and
voting restrictions. Thomas Jefferson wrote the Declaration of
Independence and the Bill of Rights, two very important documents to
our country. He set up our unalienable rights. Jefferson believed that
the standards for voting should be lowered, such as letting blacks and
women vote. Where Hamilton thought that the voting standards should be
raised, so that only rich, property owning men could vote, even though
he himself came from a poverty stricken home. Jefferson believed that
we had unalienable rights, such as freedom of speech, freedom of the
press etc. Thomas Jefferson also introduced the idea that all men are
created equal no matter their race, gender, or social standing.
Alexander Hamilton thought that some of the amendments in the Bill of
Rights were unnecessary. Although, Jefferson didn't think a president
was a good idea, because he believed it would lead to monarchy. He
believed in a more democratic form of government. Hamilton wanted a a
British form of government, however, the main reason for the American
Revolution, was to be free from monarchs. Jefferson also had an
amazing quality, which was not letting his political views get in the
way of doing what was best for the country. This was proven during his
presidency, when he orchestrated the Louisiana Purchase, which doubled
the size of America. He believed in a strict interpretation of the
constitution; however, it had no provision for the federal government
to purchase land, but Jefferson knew the Louisiana Purchase was best
for the country. Thomas Jefferson favored a strong state government,
and he wanted the three branches of government we have today. He
believed in the separation of church and state, as well as freedom of
religion.
[Posted by kinseyw at 2014-01-11T19:56:07+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	For one, remember Jefferson wouldn't have been able to make the
	Louisiana Purchase without the creation of a National Debt, one of
	Hamilton's creations and I'm pretty sure Jefferson stood up for the
	rights of all men, not women. Unfortunately at this time there weren't
	any voices speaking up for gender equality.
	[Posted by CarrieL at 2014-01-11T23:44:35+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

		Carrie, although I agree with your argument, I also feel the need to
		point out that at the time, Jefferson's equal rights were for all
		white men, Hamilton's' were for all educated, property owning white
		men.
		[Posted by Jayceeq at 2014-01-12T12:36:28+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

			yes I agree back then equality was a huge factor back then and it was
			one of the biggest issues
			[Posted by Deanl at 2014-01-12T19:54:44+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	i also think Jefferson's ideas of human rights and equality was
	important for America.
	[Posted by davidjung101 at 2014-01-12T16:05:12+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I don't agree with the fact that Jefferson wanted equality for all
	races. He didn't live by these standards. Jefferson owned slaves that
	he didn't treat very well.
	[Posted by Claire_W at 2014-01-12T19:38:16+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree that Jefferson had a better insight on human rights.
	[Posted by HayleeDC at 2014-01-13T16:22:00+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	You say that Thomas Jefferson believed that all men are equal. While
	this may have been true, if we were going by what he declared himself,
	this statement is highly hypocritical. If he supported freedom of
	slaves, and the abolition of slavery, then why did he own hundreds
	himself? Of course, from certain aspects it may be understandable that
	he lived in the South where work was needed, but if he wants support
	on his beliefs he must also practice them as well. However, I do
	believe in Jefferson's resolution in freedom of speech, religion, and
	unalienable rights.
	[Posted by Hunteray09 at 2014-01-16T18:22:48+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Thomas Jefferson is a perfect match for America, he was a wealthy
caring man. America is what it is now because of him he came from a
wealthy family but he was always respectful to everybody no matter
their color or money situation. He always stood up for his people he
shaped America to what it is now. The opinion of everybody always
mattered to him, he did not support racism, slavery, discrimination,
etc. He is the written of the Declaration of Independence and
religious freedom. The way he thought was always based on agriculture
he wanted to have a natural, nature like life he cared about growing
crops and distrusted special privilege. He did not support any part of
the constitution he wanted a weak central government and a strong
state government like a democratic government. He thought everybody
was equal and always thought about the people in his country first and
wanted to lower the voting qualifications. He always wanted to reduce
the number of federal employees. He favored a strict interpretation of
constitution and believed individual liberties must be protected by
laws. And last he was a very responsible man because he thought of
eliminating internal taxes and paying off national debts. That's why
Thomas Jefferson is a great match with America.
[Posted by AprilC at 2014-01-12T13:36:13+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Who had the more enduring vision of United States, Thomas Jefferson
or Alexander Hamilton? I believe that Thomas Jefferson left a better
vision of the U.S. rather than Hamilton. Jefferson believed that
individual rights needed to be protected by laws, that our government
needs to be democratic, and that more people should be eligible to
vote. I agree with all three of these statements. Individual rights
were very important to Jefferson. He believed that your rights should
be protected by laws because it was something this country was born
from. If we didn't have individual rights that protected our voice or
our opinion, then the people wouldn't be able to assemble in most
cases, we wouldn't be able to practice their religion, print anything
offensive against any leader, or speak out against any law. Without
these things, our society wouldn't be able to function well. Since we
have these rights, our lives have been much better than a life with no
rights. Today we use these rights to practice any religion, print news
about our government, have whistle blowers and assemble in public
meetings. This impact that Thomas Jefferson made helped affect our
country. Jefferson also believed in a strong democratic government. A
democratic government is a government where the people choose their
leaders. On the other hand, Alexander Hamilton believed we should have
a government based of the British system. If we had the same
Government as the British it might lead to unfair taxes like it did
before, this why I agree with Jefferson. The British Government at the
time wasn't the best type of Government; the central government was
too strong. America wanted a government where the people had the
power. When they were colonies, they had no say in their government.
This reasoning makes me pick Jefferson’s way of government rather than
Hamilton. Today, many other countries base their governments off of
us. That’s how much of an influence our system of government was to
the world and Jefferson supported it. Making more people eligible to
vote was another thing that Jefferson wanted to do. At the time, only
white land owning men were allowed to vote. What about the other
people? In the U.S. presidential election of 1789 the amount of people
that voted in the state was very small compared to the state
population. In Delaware, out of a population of 59,000 people only
2,059 ballots were cast. This means that only 3% of the population
voted. This data shows barely anyone voted and there should be at
least the majority of the U.S eligible to vote. If the government
wanted a better turn out of people then more people should be eligible
to vote. Today the U.S Government lets any U.S citizen (of the proper
age) vote which is the most of the people. Raising the voting
standard, like what Hamilton wanted, would only make the numbers of
the people that actually voted go down. All of these reasons make me
support Jefferson’s approach to voting standards.
[Posted by davidhal at 2014-01-12T16:05:32+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Declarationontributionstions their rights as derived from the laws of
nature, and not as the gift of their chief magistrate." Thomas
Jefferson. Jefferson was a brilliant , yet soft spoken man, notorious
for his gifted writing skills. When faced with the fate of American,he
made some significant decisions that changed the way we regarded our
miraculous nation. Thomas Jefferson had a very compelling vision for
America and certainly impacted the way America is seen today. His
beliefs on a democratic government, supporting the protections of
individual rights; fathering the Declaration of Independence , and his
other contributions  to America are what make him a likelier suite for
the young nation rather than any other candidate. Establishing a
democratic government involved allowing all  others to have a say in
how they were governed. Jefferson supported this , as it did not
restrict having a voice in the government to only a certain class,
primarily the wealthy land owners. In his mind, every man is created
equally , as dictated in the Declaration of  Independence. They shall
all be granted freedoms and rights of the same degree, know as
unalienable rights.  The right to love life and the pursuit of
happiness are among them. Jefferson proposed a fair and just
government, swiftly allowing any man of any class to voice their
opinion. Such fervent beliefs of government reflect on Jefferson as a
person. He was born into a wealthy family of the highest class, and
did not allow his back round to cloud his judgment nor define him. He
stood firm in his thoughts of equality and guaranteed freedoms to any
man by supporting a democratic government. Jefferson also openly
displayed trust among American citizens, by allowing the people to
govern themselves, it shows that he sincerely trusts them to uphold a
government in which they can take pride in, and claim everyone is
pleased with. As it is the case with most political leaders, trust is
evident; however most mutual citizens , whichever party they extend
their beliefs to gain trust for their desired candidate; trust to
govern accordingly with similar beliefs. It is very rarely though does
the political leader share this same feeling of trust. This is why
candidate, Thomas Jefferson would be the most successful as a
potential  suite for the young nation rather than any other candidate.
Citizens in favor of Jefferson trust him to maintain their simple
rights and freedoms, and in return, he trusts citizens, to have a
capital judgment, and to lead a successful government. When trust
becomes mutual, favorable results, especially in a political sys rem,
flourish.  During the time of ratification of the Constitution, the
two candidates for America, Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton,
joined separate parties. Jefferson's beliefs favored the anti-
federalists, or those who opposed ratification of the Constitution,
while Hamilton joined the opposite. Jefferson feared that by ratifying
the Constitution, individual rights and liberties may have been taken
away. He was especially wary, as there was no sort of protection of
these rights mentioned in the Constitution. Jefferson absolutely
refused to support it until actions were taken to secure the personal
rights and liberties  of American citizens. In 1791, the American Bill
of Rights, inspired by Thomasa Jefferson, and drafted by James
Madison, was adopted. Jefferson worked diligently to secure the rights
of American citizens, something taken for granted daily. By requesting
the Bill of Rights, he ensured that no power could be taken from those
who should govern America, the people. Jefferson himself said, "A bill
of rights is what the people are entitled to against every government
on earth, general or particular, and what no just government should
refuse, or rest on inference."  America, viewed by modern society, is
considered to be quite diverse  with a multitude of different
cultures, ethnicities, and religions. This is partly due to Thomas
Jefferson. Jefferson introduced the idea of religious freedom by
drafting the Virginia Act for Establishing Religious Freedom of 1779.
He firmly believed in allowing American citizens the opportunity to
decide upon their own religious faith. He considered this a right to
which should be applied to all citizens of America. Jefferson created
for himself a lasting impact on American culture today through the
administration of religious freedom. This opportunity increased the
diversity of our country. He felt that religion and state should be
kept separate for the benefit of a successful country, which would
later be pr oven accurate.  Thomas Jefferson accomplished many things
in life, such as  writing the Declaration of Independence. This
document is what created America by formally announcing our separation
from Great Britain. This document is one of the most famous in
American history and was vital to our success Asa growing indecent
nation. The Declaration incorporates the way Americans regard
themselves, as does outline many other areas of significance. The
document not only signifies the pride of finally being able to
accomplish a nation of Independence, but also serves as an expression
of American identity. That document dictates who we are, as proud and
free Americans. The Constitution, what we continue to govern ourselves
with today, embodies certain aspects  And principles of the
Declaration of Independence. Our entire form of government contains
small inferences of the Declaration. Without it, America would not be
the powerful nation it has evolved into oveJefferson'ss with
Jeffersons help. He outlined the fundamental rights to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness. It is through this document that the
equality of man is evident. With that simple line alone, any
individual person  now has the opportunities available to any other.
This man of brilliant nature created one of the most influential
documents in history. In one document, he outlined anup mostained with
upmost importance and detail, what Americans stand for, why we reside
as a dignified and independent nation, the basic rights and freedoms
guaranteed to all American citizens, and so much more. It seems only
right to claim that the man with the most enduring vision for America,
is the one who created it, through writing and mind, and defended it
with heart and soul. It was through his words written in the ink of
his hand, that all Americans are proud and free. We operate as more
than a whole, perfectly free from any tyrant who deems it fit to strip
away our liberties, and crush our spirits.     When America comes to
mind, not only do we think of it as a noble, distinguished nation, but
also a powerful and expansive country. We also have Jefferson to thank
for this. Through means of the Louisiana Purchase, he nearly doubled
the size of America with a deal among the French leader Napoleon
Bonaparte for once the price of 15 million dollars, Jefferson gained a
respectable piece of land containing the future states of Louisiana,
Arkansas, Missouri, Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota,
Kansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, Colorado, Wyoming, and
Montana. Some might argue that this was done in unconstitutional ways
due to the fact that buying such a large sum of land was not written
anywhere in the Constitution. This can be easily overcome as the
effects of purchasing the land were splendid. This deal doubled the
size of America, allowed trade to flourish, and made the nation
stronger and more prosperous as a whole. When faced with a difficult
decision, Jefferson did what he thought was best for America, and it
definitely paid off. Settlers had new opportunities to create a new
life and contributed to the success of our country.   Because Thomas
Jefferson was born into a wealthy family, you would expect his actions
and beliefs to reflect on this; however this was not the case.
Jefferson craved equality in this new nation.  He stood for a
democratic government in which all people, regardless of class, had a
say in the way they were governed. He did not allow his past or his
background determine his future. Jefferson grew to gain his own
theories and beliefs, which reflected only on himself as person, not
where he came from. He thought to include everfavored greatly favoured
equality  amongst American citizens. With a democratic government, he
believed the people had the ability to make the right choices if they
became aware. He established mutual trust with all of those who
believed in him to lead a successful country. They trusted him to keep
their rights, and liberties, and he trusted them to prosper with their
own voices in the government. Trust is something that is not typically
found in politics , but it has arrived in the form of Thomas
Jefferson. He supported the protection of individual rights, and
fought until some sort of actions were taken, and invested into the
constitution. He is responsible for the diversity of America,
beginning religiously with his drafting of the Virginia act for
establishing religious freedom. He believed in choice and opportunity.
He proclaimed the identity of America when he wrote the Declaration of
Independence. Jefferson was at the country's side even when it first
formed. He authored its birth certificate, while outlining American
expression in the process. The Declaration of Independence is how we,
as Americans think of ourselves, and to think that this exceptional
man helped begin such an idea, is outstanding. He doubled the size of
the country which in turn allowed the economy flourish, as well as
provide new opportunities of life for settlers. Thomas Jefferson is
the reason America prospered into a large respectable nation. He stood
by the side of the people and defended us with everything he had. All
the while, Jefferson never once forgot where he came from, but he did
not let it dictate his life either. Thomas Jefferson, founding father,
author of the Declaration of Independence, founder of the University
of Virginia, and third president of the United States, discovered
balance. He stood by America from infancy, when it first broke away
from Britain, is standing by it now, with is lasting effect on the
country, and will forever be by its side. The United
StatJefferson'sica is Jeffersons country, and although scarred, is
still, and forever be going strong.
[Posted by saramon at 2014-01-12T18:58:31+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	Sorry guys this isn't the right one the right one is under this one
	[Posted by saramon at 2014-01-12T19:34:15+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Thomas Jefferson is the right match for America. He believes in
equality and he prefers a Democratic government. Alexander Hamilton
believes the wealthy should Rule and Hamilton also wants a government
based on The British. Jefferson wants to launch a democratic
government, and that is what we are trying to do. Hamilton wants the
wealthy people to control the country, he favors a strong central
government. Jefferson favors a weak central government and a strong
state government which is what we have today in America. Hamilton
wants to establish and support a national bank. If the farmers get
loans for their farms and then they aren't able to pay them back, then
their is a good chance they could go into debt. Jefferson does not
want to support a national bank, so we will have less chance to go
into debt. Jefferson wants to eliminate all national debt and Hamilton
wants to use debt to establish credit. Jefferson believes in equality
and he believes everyone should get to vote. Jefferson has deep faith
in farmers to help keep the economy going. Hamilton believes common
people (such as farmers) act foolish and the rich and wealthy should
run the country. Hamilton wants to raise the voting qualifications!
Thats why Thomas Jefferson is better for the United States of America.
Kaitlin Brooks 5th period
[Posted by kaibro at 2014-01-12T19:00:48+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	i loved that you mentioned both sides. i completely agree with you.
	[Posted by HayleeDC at 2014-01-13T16:24:53+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

I support Thomas Jefferson and his visions of the United States. He
was a man of peace and wanted the world to live that way. I believe
that he is the perfect match for The United States. Thomas Jefferson
believed that the people of the world shouldn't be labeled by the
clothes they wear or the jobs they have. Two different people can be
so alike in many ways. He wanted all people, including slaves, to be
equal. All created evenly. Jefferson trusted the people of America and
valued their opinions. He wanted to lower the voting qualifications so
everyone could have an equal vote on their choices. Another example of
him being a true leader of America was that he preferred a more
Democratic Government. In his eyes he saw a society where people have
a say in what goes on. While Alexander Hamilton believed in making the
American Government modeled on the British system. It might be an
excellent system for him but, for Jefferson it wasn't. America and the
British went through a huge war so why should we model our Government
after them when they despised us for wanting our freedom. Finally,
Thomas Jefferson believed that individual rights have to be protected
by the laws. He wanted every citizen to be protected by their Bill Of
Rights since that's the reason they were made in the first place. Why
would you create a Bill Of Rights if the people can't be protected by
them? Everyone is their own person and multiple choices in many
situations. I imagine Thomas Jefferson being the best pick for The
Untied States.
[Posted by MadelineS at 2014-01-12T21:13:25+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

The dispute between Hamilton, and Jefferson on who left the more
enduring image was a very tough decision. They were almost complete
opposites on their views and morals. Hamilton came from a poor family
and grew up to not tolerate with the “the little man.” In politics he
was a businessman and cared for power and the economy. On the other
side Jefferson grew up wealthy but he was taught to care for “the
little man.” In politics he was all about equality and agriculture.
Jefferson, thinking of the people of this country and trusting the
actions of the people, has the most enduring vision in my opinion.
They may be led astray for a moment, but will soon correct themselves,
illustrates how Jefferson believed the government should solely be
based on the people of America. Jefferson felt that life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness were to be given to every man, and this
vision of Jefferson is still alive and prospering in today’s society.
Today’s society is reflected in Jefferson’s ideas by having rights and
freedom for every American citizen. It helped guide everyone through
tough times in the past, present, and future. He said some of the most
inspiring and everlasting words that no man will ever forget…”All men
are created equal.” Those five words helped build the US not only in
the Constitution but in the political system as a whole. Having
Jefferson giving his insight on what the citizens of America should
have and the strict overbearing opinions of Hamilton helped equal out
the ideas of the US political system. Hamilton wanted to focus more on
what would be a good way to make America a world power, and Jefferson
as stated above wanted to focus more on the people. The debate between
Hamilton and Jefferson helped form the political system because we all
have to have some structure in the government which is what Hamilton
brought to the table, and we all have to have a sense of freedom which
is what Jefferson brought. Both men had good ideas, but Jefferson’s
visions are more of what America’s society is based upon today. In the
end in my mind neither Jefferson or, Hamilton were perfect on their
views. Ones morals were that there should be a strong National
government and economy. He didn't focus on freedom or the “little man”
unlike Jeffy. Thomas Jefferson had his morals set as a child. Although
he had a wealthy childhood his parents taught him well. They taught
him just because he was wealthy didn't mean he was better than others,
and to always respect even the “little man.” He would then bring those
morals to our constitution today, and that is why I chose Jeffy for
the topic.
[Posted by Deanl at 2014-01-12T21:16:52+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	Jefferson believed that all men were created equal, but that was
	almost hypocritical because he owned many slaves.
	[Posted by AndrewW at 2014-01-13T11:11:06+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Gorman 7th period 1/12/14 Who do you think left a more enduring
vision on America? Both Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson are
great American visionaries but Thomas Jefferson left a more enduring
vision of America. Alexander Hamilton supported the constitution,
which is good because the constitution supports the citizens'
individual rights. Also, he wanted people to have equal rights. I
agree with that because I belive that all poeple no matter what she
get the same opportunities as everyone else. This is important for a
civilized society. Most importantly, he wanted people to be in contact
with England because England had similar policies and ideas as
Hamilton. I strongly disagree with that as a condition of an enduring
American vision because the people who moved to America, moved there
to get away from England's harsh policies. Thomas Jefferson was the
father of the University of Virginia. He was very proud to have that
label because he believed education improved society and the people in
it. Also, he wanted religious freedom and for people who disagreed
with that he wanted them to keep their opinions to themselves. Which
is really good because if people always voiced their opinions, there
would be a lot of conflict. Most of all, he wanted the government to
protect the citizens unalieble rights because he felt so strongly
about their freedoms. I strongly agree with that statement because I
think it is very important to have a government that protects the
rights of its citizens. Thomas Jefferson left the most enduring vision
of American because he believed in citizens' rights. He also believed
that education was important to an improved society. He thought that
the thirteen colonies should have the right of life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness. Furthermore, he wanted strong state governments
because he thought having strong state governments would help bring
the colonies together as one.
[Posted by Katiem at 2014-01-12T21:25:38+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

In this case, I would go with Thomas Jefferson. He heavily supported
that all men were created equal, as he wrote in the constitution.
Hamilton was a money man, he forgot his roots. All Hamilton would have
done is make America have an even larger debt and made our economic
problems even worse. Jefferson stood by the constitution while
Hamilton would have made it just another paper. Thomas wanted a
Democratic government, and Hamilton wanted something like the British
system, which america broke away from. They both had different
beginnings, but ended on the same path. Jefferson came from a wealthy
family, who gave him a proper education and career. But, he never was
stuck up. He always believed in individual rights and equality.He did
not believe in people having special privileges, he only cared if they
were a US citizen, black or white. He stood by this all the way to
writing the constitution, he even wrote that all men were created
equal and had inalienable rights. So, we can easily say that Jefferson
would be liked by the common man because he supported them, unlike
Hamilton who supported the rich and forgot the poor. Besides
supporting individual rights, Jefferson supported a Democratic
government while Hamilton supported the British system. It really is
not a surprise that he would be in support of a Democratic government
because he believed in power to the people. In a democratic
government, the people vote for their leaders. If we had the British
system, we might have done the same that they did to us. We could have
ended up with the same problems Britain had with us. I am sure that
the American people would have not been in support of rewriting that
section of history. With the Democratic government, power is more
spread out, there is no main central power like in the British system.
Now, America has been a role model to many other countries, so I can
say that Jefferson ended up doing a good job. Jefferson, overall, had
been for the better of America. Some of the things he did still go
into play today. Equality is still being fought for, we have a
Democratic government, and we still stand by the constitution. Sure we
have a debt, but imagine how large it would be if Hamilton went into
office, we would be in trouble. So, Jefferson would defiantly be the
better choice for America, just look how happy the two ended up being.
The looked so great together.
[Posted by samomurphy at 2014-01-12T19:35:34+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

In my opinion i believe that Thomas Jefferson is best solution for a
better America mostly because of his beliefs in equality and and he
really did believe in the people. Without Thomas Jefferson you
wouldn't really have the right of freedom of speech or right of
religious freedom. He was raised in a very well and mature nature and
learned that rich or poor you should always treat people with the same
respects and the same rights. He believed that the people should be in
charge of themselves, and with those beliefs he supported a democratic
government. His idea behind individual rights was smart because
without individual rights we as people wouldn't be able to speak out
against any law, wouldn't be able to practice their own religion and
it would just be a complete mess. He believed that the state
government should have power over their own people, although he still
supported the Constitution. All he wanted was a bill of rights. He
favored a strict interpretation of constitution and believed
individual liberties must be protected by laws. I believe that
Jefferson left an everlasting impact on America because he was an
ingenious man who believed in lowering the voting qualifications,
protecting America's individual rights, and helping the French win
their war against the British. That is why i believe Thomas Jefferson
would be the perfect match for America.
[Posted by sydneyf at 2014-01-12T19:38:11+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I liked how you added the part where Thomas Jefferson helped the
	French in their war against the British.
	[Posted by MadelineS at 2014-01-12T21:17:34+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

When thinking of America some think of Thomas Jefferson and Alexander
Hamilton. They both had very strong rolls to building up America, but
Jefferson had a much more stronger vision of America than Hamilton.
For the reasons of individual liberties, equality, and living by what
America is defined as in the Declaration of Independence. Jefferson
belived in freedom,the right to do and say what you want. He thought,
"why be ruled by someone and live by what they want and have to say.",
which is what Hamilton wanted. He belived America should be modeled
like a British system, he thought being ruled by somebody was the best
way of life. As for Jefferson, he believed in a Democratic Government,
he thought the people should rule or at least have a say in what
decisions are being made for America. When living in a Democratic
Government you have those individual liberties. The people of America
wanted to be heard. Jefferson gave them that opportunity. Both men
grew up poorly, and both became very sucsessful, but only one of them
didn't turn his back on the poor. That man was Thomas Jefferson. He
believed no matter what your background, we are all humans. He
believed you should never look at yourself as someone less than
another. Jefferson is not the man to judge. He set an amazing tone on
America, a tone of equality. Thomas Jefferson wrote the Declaration of
Independence. He lived by it, and did nothing outside of what the
document said. By doing that he led us to a country of freedom. Stated
by Jefferson in the document he wrote "All men should have life,
liberty and the presuit of happiness." He lived by that and today us
Americans live by his words. We live in Jeffersons vison today. His
reasonings for this vision is why I chose Thomas Jefferson over
Alexander Hamilton.
[Posted by Audrey41 at 2014-01-12T20:34:37+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I like how you added a inspiring quote from Thomas Jefferson.
	[Posted by MadelineS at 2014-01-12T21:20:22+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Both, Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton, have contributed much
to the United States, and both have strong admirable qualities and
backgrounds. But when it comes down to this specific question, I
believe Jefferson has left a more enduring vision. He had many
important viewpoints that shaped the people and the nation while
Hamilton cared more about the financial state of the nation and its
economy. Jefferson had many important thoughts on equality and
individual rights, significant writings in the Declaration of
Independence, and a strong viewpoint on voting. Jefferson’s actions
within equality among men and individual rights is why we have ours
today. He fought for equality, that everyone is the same, not
categorized by knowledge or wealth, so the nation would be unified. No
matter what their gender was, any disabilities or what they believe
in, so everyone was equal. He also fought for the Bill of Rights, the
amendments that specified the individual rights and powers of the
people, something no one can take away. Our individual rights may not
be as secure and protected today if it wasn’t for this Bill. Which is
also why he pushed for a strict interpretation of the Constitution. So
that the protection of these rights were enforced. In the Declaration,
Jefferson had written “All men are created equal,” as well as “All men
should have life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.” Although he
may not have meant to do it, these statements have supported
Jefferson’s idea on unalienable rights and lead to many acts to give
people, like slaves, poor, and less educated people etc, more rights.
But these statements are just a piece of the document and they have
inspired and shaped the people who shape the nation. The document
itself is the heart of the nation. Its strength defines the powers the
people and government hold. Jefferson wrote it to showcase his beliefs
in what a country should be and what its people should be as well.
Lastly, Jefferson wanted to lower the qualifications needed to vote.
Instead of the votes of only the wealthy, which could be predictable
and uncertain, he wanted to allow all the minds to vote. This could
make the decision more precise because there are more votes, and there
are different reasons behind the decision. Wealthy just worry about
their money, and who would be the best with the economy. The lower
classes wouldn’t need to worry about that as much as different issues.
[Posted by KeeganW at 2014-01-12T20:34:48+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	Although I mostly agree with Jefferson's notion for low voting
	standards, it can also unfairly tip the voting scale because (wow I'm
	really really trying to not sound mean), some lower class people do
	not try to work, and vote for presidents because they are promised
	free things taken from hard working rich people. Voting in favor of
	high taxes on wealthier people to "even it out" is selfish and lazy.
	I've interpreted Jefferson's all men are equal as all men have equal
	opportunity. Although this is not part of our current system, I feel
	that voters should be represented by some sort of job, spouse, or
	offspring.
	[Posted by CaseyS at 2014-01-12T20:52:38+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I like your point of view and how you described it but I disagree
	since I chose Hamilton.
	[Posted by Savannahmc at 2014-01-12T22:16:01+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Who had a more enduring vision of the United States Thomas Jefferson
or Alexander Hamilton? In my opinion, the best choice is Thomas
Jefferson. Thomas Jeffeson's involvement in drafting the United States
Constitution and the Bill of Rights speaks for itself. Jefferson's
belief that everyone was created equal and in one's right to pursue
life, library and happiness are signifcant factors in influencing my
choice. Jefferson actually favored a strict interpretation of the
Constitution. His strong belief in freedom of speech and the press
support my position as well. Thomas Jefferson was wealthy, however he
saw things from a common person's point of view. He believed in
somewhat of a balanced system of government. He wanted States to have
significant powers. He distrusted the wealthy and did not want the
wealthy to have special privileges. He envisioned the States uniting
into one State. Jefferson was also a strong supporter of agriculture.
Hamilton's vision of having a more diverse economy including
manufacturing was more forward thinking than Jefferson's view, but
Jefferson's supports of the farmer was an example of his belief in the
common person's rights. Jefferson had great virtues. His vision of
paying off the national debt and supporting international allies are
positions that are supported by many now. Jefferson's support of the
Louisiana Purchase helped doubled the size of the country. There was
significant debt incurred but the reward far out weighed the burden.
In summary, Thomas Jefferson was not perfect but he had many strengths
and is my choice as a visionary for the United States during the
country's years.
[Posted by MasonMch at 2014-01-12T21:02:03+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Although Alexander Hamilton was in favor of a balanced economy like
we have today, I believe Thomas Jefferson had the more enduring view
of the United States because he valued individual liberties and
thought that they should be protected by laws. He also wanted to
include all people in governing the nation, not just the wealthy. This
is exactly like how our government is today. First I want to talk
about the fact that he valued individual liberties. He believed that
individual liberties MUST be protected by laws, rather than what
Alexander Hamilton thought which was that they should be sometime
restricted. But in our society today our individual liberties ARE
protected by laws. We first saw this with the Bill of Rights. Thomas
Jefferson was opposed to the Constitution at first because it did not
have a Bill of Rights (and it didn't have a term limit for the
President) so he made sure these things were fixed for the good of the
people and these things are still in affect today. Thomas Jefferson
also believed in a more democratic government rather than one like the
British system (Hamilton's view). Jefferson also wanted to lower the
voting qualifications (like giving women the right to vote) this is so
that the common people could help govern the nation, not just the
wealthy, these views became exactly like what we have today. For these
reasons, I believe that Thomas Jefferson had the more enduring vision
of the United States.
[Posted by TannerL at 2014-01-12T22:48:32+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Thomas Jefferson is the best match for America in my opinion for many
ways. He believed that individual liberties must be protected by laws
and everyone was equal. Also he was able to put his republican
philosophy aside. Last but not least he wanted to lower the voting
qualifications. These are all reasons I think Thomas Jefferson would
be the best match for America. Jefferson strongly believed that people
deserved individual liberties. This is a good attribute in the leader
of America because everyone needs their liberties. Hamilton thought
that liberties such as freedom of speech should be restricted. I feel
that people should be able to say what they want when they want.
Thomas Jefferson also believed in equality and that everyone was
equal. Also Thomas Jefferson was able to put his republican philosophy
aside to acquire the Louisiana Purchase. This was one of his greatest
achievements and left one of the biggest impacts in American history.
Hamilton had little impact in my opinion; Jefferson had many other
great achievements like writing the deceleration of independence and
creating the separation between church and state. Lastly Thomas
Jefferson wanted to lower the voting qualifications. I agree with this
because I feel that every human has the right to vote for who controls
them. Hamilton felt that he needed to raise the voting qualifications.
That means that even a less amount of people would be able to vote.
Jefferson had strong beliefs and I think that his beliefs and views
were very compatible with America.
[Posted by MaxF at 2014-01-13T00:37:19+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Gorman Period 6 Many people have had lasting impacts on America, but
none more so than Thomas Jefferson. I may not entirely agree with all
of his views, but his positive attributes far outweigh the negatives.
He was an amazing man who worked hard for his country using his
incredible gift in writing to inspire many, regardless of race or
color. Without Thomas Jefferson's vision for America, we would not be
the country we are today. One of the only misgivings people may have
about Thomas Jefferson is his economic plan for America. He preferred
just farming over a variety of trades to support the economy, over
Hamilton's plan to include manufacturing, finance, and trade along
with agriculture. For the dispute over the bank, I just compromised,
because I'm not really for or against setting up a bank. Banks are
helpful in the sense of storing money, but banks also provide a means
to gain debt. On the subject of debt, I am most definitely for paying
off the national debt, because then our economy wouldn't take regular
nosedives (as shown by the Dow and NASDAQ stock markets). On the other
hand, eliminating all internal taxes could potentially cause problems
with stores not gaining a large enough profit margin. I just cannot
see myself as a Hamilton supporter on this subject because credit
builds up over time, and our country is in bad enough debt already
(again, as shown by the Dow and NASDAQ, which are at all time lows).
Thomas Jefferson may have been born with everything guaranteed to be
provided, but he did not forget the common people of America, unlike
Alexander Hamilton. Wealth is no guarantee of virtue, and neither is
being educated. Even the smartest people in the world make mistakes,
so the common people should have their say too. The worst they can do
is make the same mistake that the smartest people make. We have
lowered the voting qualifications, which means we are staying towards
the vision Thomas Jefferson had, and not the future Alexander Hamilton
had in mind. Now on the most disputed topic of that time period, the
type of government that should be implemented. To me, its clear that
Jefferson's vision had a more lasting impression than Hamilton's. Both
visions ended up in a compromise on the subject of a strong central
government vs. a weak one, because the powers between the Federal
government and the state government tend to balance each other out, so
neither vision could really take a firm hold there. The rest of the
government we have today is very largely influenced by Jefferson's
vision. Thomas Jefferson favored a democratic government, which is the
system we are currently under. I'd say that qualifies as an enduring
vision. Alexander Hamilton wanted the American government to be based
off of the British system, in other words, a monarchy. Thomas
Jefferson does not impress me in one section because he wanted to
reduce the number of Federal employees, and to be honest, while some
sections (congressmen) could use a cut in the number of employees,
other sections (national parks) could use more employees. Since I
believe that rules are made to be followed, I favor a strict
interpretation over a loose one. Unfortunately, there is no data on
how the Constitution is interpreted, so I will have to leave this one
at opinion. The final imprint, and perhaps the most lasting imprint,
in my opinion, was Thomas Jefferson's views on liberty. He believed
that individual liberties must be protected by law. If you think for
one second that the liberties listed in the Bill of Rights were not
there we would still have our rights, you need to look at the real
world a little more, because liberties that are not protected are not
provided in so many counties around the world. True, he owned slaves,
but his words on the subject of liberty have been used as rallying
points in the past and now for abolitionists and protestors alike.
There is no doubt in my mind that Thomas Jefferson left the more
enduring vision on America. From his views on liberty to his
implementation of our democratic government that still governs us
today to the simple fact that he wrote the Declaration of
Independence, Thomas Jefferson is one of our greatest founding
fathers, and regardless of who left a more lasting impression on
America, will always be remembered in our history, and hopefully the
same to Alexander Hamilton. Side note to the Hamilton supporters in
6th period: I will not lose until I quit.
[Posted by MeredithS at 2014-01-13T01:15:24+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Between Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson, in my opinion,
Jefferson was a better candidate. Although it was a hard decision,
Jefferson had better beliefs in individual liberties, voting
restrictions, and the way of government. Thomas Jefferson was a big
supporter of individual rights. As the author of the Declaration of
Independence, he made sure we had the Fundamental Right to “life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.” He believed that no matter
what you were born into, everyone is equal. Coming from a rich family
who taught him not to discriminate, he believed that the people should
run the new country, whether you’re rich, poor, black, or white.
Jefferson wanted a strict understanding of the constitution. Hamilton
wanted to have restrictions on some unalienable rights. Jefferson also
didn’t have special privileges. This meant he didn’t give the rich
more power or the poor less power than others. Another area Thomas
Jefferson thrived in was lowering voting restrictions. Opening voting
to other people would allow more of a democratic way of government.
Thomas Jefferson trusted more of what the lower class thought and
didn’t think they acted foolishly. Jefferson also supported the French
in the war, which was a very smart idea. By helping the French they
could gain other allies to help the U.S. One of Jefferson’s best
decisions was to buy Louisiana. This allowed America to become bigger
and have new land. All these tactics helped America become the great
country it is now. Thomas Jefferson is a match for America!
[Posted by Gabbychuba at 2014-01-13T01:24:56+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

I think Jefferson made a more enduring vision because the things he
did were better than Hamilton's. He wanted to use the Bill Of Rights
and intended on it which Hamilton did not. He also purchased the
Louisiana territory which made us America today. He believed the Bill
Of Rights also protected the people of the U.S. which i agree my
opinion on. Hamilton did things i think personally would not have been
good for the U.S. He wanted to fix the economy and wanted credit to
make things. if he did that, the economy would fall into a depression
and the U.S. debt would be serious. He also wanted a unified country
to. He also wanted to lose the interpretation of the constitution as
well which in my opinion i think is bad. Jefferson on the other hand,
hated banks and supported the constitution. He also wanted religious
freedom and he was also against taxation. He also sent the Lewis and
Clark expedition which helped America a lot. This is why i think
Jefferson left a more enduring vision in the eyes of America.
[Posted by garrett_d at 2014-01-13T11:04:16+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

I believe that Thomas Jefferson left a more enduring future for
America rather than Alexander Hamilton because of his government plan,
social standers and his achievements. Jefferson was very involved with
the common people's lives. He wanted everyone to be able to vote for
what they want and Hamilton wanted to raise the voting qualifications
so that only very few could vote. He also believed that farmers were
very important to the economy. Rights were very important for the
people to have; Jefferson was the person who influenced James Madison
to add the bill of rights to the constitution. Jefferson wanted a
democratic government and with a weaker central government and a
stronger state government. While Hamilton wanted a stronger federal
government and he wanted to model America's government like the
British system. Thomas Jefferson wanted a strong interpretation on the
constitution. Jefferson was the writer on the Declaration of
Independence. He also bought the Louisiana purchase from France which
made America larger and opened up many opportunities. He left America
with two ideas, freedom of religion and separation from church and
state. Also he sent Louis and Clark on their expedition and that
opened up trade routes and scientist discovered many plants and
medicine opportunities.
[Posted by MadisonK at 2014-01-13T11:20:30+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

I think Jefferson left a enduring vision on america because he had a
deep faith in the people who where farmers which is better them
Hamiltion becauase he wanted the rich to run the country. Being/
coming from a rich family doesnt mean you cant do what. Jefferaon also
wanted to lower the voting qualifications which is good because that
means every one can vote, unliked Hamiltion who wants tonraise it to
where itbwoukd be harder to vote for some people. Granted Jefferson
wanted a week government which is okay but not the best at times but
its better then what Hamiltion wanted he wanted the rich to help run.
Jefferson wanted a Democratic government so people would be abke to
vote who they wanted to be President, un like Hamilton wanted a
rulerbto be slected and until they passed away or something a newnone
would be elected or one would be elected from the family. The only
that i would change about Jefferson is that we do need banks for the
farmers to be able to buy land, and that is what Hamilton wantes.
Jefferson wants to go by the Consitition and that can be good and
sometimes bad too, and with Hamilton we have the bill of rights to
protect people if needed. Jefferson belives that we as people should
have individual laws which is good because if anything happens to us
we have the law as a back up. Granted freedom speech should sometimes
be restricted because people should think before they speak, but
freedom of speechis a part of the Bill of Rights. I think Jefferson
left a enduring vision on america because he inspired furture
generations, favored the consitiution.
[Posted by sarah_p at 2014-01-13T11:20:59+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

In the world we live in today is very different then it was a long
time ago. And along time ago there where to very important people.
There was Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton. They where
candidates that wanted the best for the country. Thomas J. wanted a
bill of rights that was very important for him and for others. Thomas
also told Madison about the bill of rights and then Madison made a
proposal for the Bill Of Rights in 1791. One thing that Thomas wrote
was that every man is created equal. He also made a Louisiana
purchase. He had faith in common people and farmers unlike Hamilton
that only wanted the rich and educated people. Thomas also wanted to
lower the qualifications on voting so common people can vote. He also
wanted for the individuals to be protected by laws. In the other had
Alexander was very different that T.J. He made very good
accomplishments by the age of 26. He went on and wrote the Federation
Papers. He also was in favor of a Strong Virginian Government. He
wanted to increase the number of Federal employees. Alexander wanted
for individuals liberties such as freedom of speech should sometimes
be restricted. That means that people would not be able to say what
they want to say. He also wanted for America to support the British
against the French. But the French where our alies. Over all I think
the best candidate for this is Thomas Jefferson because he wants the
best and this will be accomplished by all the things he wants. To
expand everything to common people not just rich.
[Posted by Kevinrios123 at 2014-01-13T11:25:30+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Drina Christensen 5th period Gorman I chose Thomas Jefferson because
though he may have not have lived by his writings his ideas referring
to the future of the united states helped use grow. The Bill of Rights
is the first ten amendments to the constitution that brings us the
rights that we have today, as we all know, but what you may not know
or acknowledge is that Jefferson demanded for The Bill of Rights to be
added to the constitution. When Jefferson wrote the Deceleration of
Independence, it wasn't required to mention that all men were created
equally and have unalienable rights that they hold as a human. you
should thank Jefferson for the rights that you have today. Jefferson
had many views regarding the future of our nation like that the
government should be split up into 3 branches like we have today. He
also believed that the president should have term limits. We may all
be aware of the Lewis and Clark expedition, this expedition helped us
settle in the new land that was bought by Jefferson. Now you may be
thinking what does this have to do with Jefferson, well at this time
Jefferson was the president of the U.S. and sent Lewis and Clark on
this journey. Over all I think that Thomas Jefferson had a better
vision on the structure of the government though Hamilton had better
insight on the economy i feel that even if our country had great
economy we would still fall under war without the structure of the
government that Jefferson in visioned. This is why my vote goes to
Thomas Jefferson!
[Posted by HayleeDC at 2014-01-13T16:19:43+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

Thomas Jefferson would be a match for America because he wanted a
democratic government, lower voting qualifications and wanted to
eliminate internal taxes and to pay off war debts. Jefferson had some
things that America did not agree with but overall would be a better
match then Alexander Hamilton. Thomas Jefferson favored a democratic
government which is also the government that America saw in it's
future. America felt that a strong democratic government was exactly
what this young nation needed to get on it's feet. Hamilton favored a
government based off of Britain. Even though Jefferson would've liked
a weak central government America found a balance between a state
government and a central government. Jefferson also wanted to lower
voting qualifications. Jefferson felt that every one should have a
Voice in who runs the country. He wanted more people like women and
African Americans to have more of a voice. America felt that they
should have more of voice but that there should also be some
restrictions to how far and what they have a voice in. In the long run
this will create a little less arguments between men, women and
Africans about equality. Thomas Jefferson believed in a debt free
nation. He wanted to eliminate internal taxes in the states and he
wanted to pay of any U.S debt. He did not believe in taxing the
farmers and citizens on things that they may grow or build. He wanted
to pay off the war debt from the war with Britain. He wanted to get
rid of the debt instead of it building up and coming back to haunt
America in the future. Hamilton believed that debt would create good
credit for the future America.He felt that having a debt would create
problems in the near future. Jefferson wanted no more debt or internal
taxes, lower voting qualifications for more equality and he wanted a
democratic government. There are so many other things that Jefferson
had that were qualities that America wanted but this are just some.
This is why Thomas Jefferson would be a great match for the future
America.
[Posted by KerstynnG at 2014-01-14T10:57:19+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

i like how you pointed out his negatives but said how he still had a
better impact on America
[Posted by Ahmed-ashraf at 2014-06-04T19:25:09+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

When you look at the United States, we are very developed, very
diverse economy wise, and very powerful due to these facts. According
to the Human Development Index, (HDI), which is a statistic board that
ranks countries from very high to low depending on their average
development, they include factors like economic welfare and population
happiness, and overall the United States got in the top five on the
list, ranking alongside countries like Australia and Norway. We got
that high due to our impeccable economic standards, with one of the
highest GDP’s in the world, and being one of the major importers and
exporters of the 21st century. I believe the legacy created by
Alexander Hamilton was a large part of our success. The ideas
Alexander Hamilton represented, like his ideas of a balanced economy,
and that educated men and women should take the positions in our
government (judge, and legislator, and of course president), as well
as the fact that he supported and endorsed American diversity through
business and commerce, helped shape the diversity, and the freedom we
have today. Hamilton believed in a balanced economy, with every type
of business being represented. The economy would depend on the
combination of agriculture, trade, finance, and industrial production.
This type of economy would be stable, and come with more benefits than
the ideas of Mr. Jefferson, who wanted a total agricultural economy.
If one of the branches of our economy was shut down, (say a bad
growing season), and we couldn't bring in as much agriculture revenue,
our economy would still remain intact due to the trade, finance, and
manufacturing that the economy still depends on.He believed we
couldn't have economy without inventive power of the human mind, which
influenced the increased development of infrastructure in that time
period. If what he was saying was true, then Jefferson's theory
wouldn't have let us take advantage of that power as freely as we
could have with Hamilton's ideas. With Hamilton's ideas we had room
for progress, and the increased development of infrastructure. He
believed progress included the development of urban areas that
included all sorts of businesses, such as trade, agriculture, and
manufacturing. All of this was necessary for the encouraged
development of the economy, without progress in human innovation,
there wouldn't be development in the economy. He summed this up as
“productive powers of labor.” Without his ideas, and implementations
in our economy, we might still be a solely agrarian society, without
improvements or progress. So, Hamilton left a lasting impact on our
economy by implementing his ideas of a well balanced economy. Unless
your government is respectable, foreigners will invade your rights;
and to maintain tranquility you must be respectable; even to observe
neutrality you must have a strong government. Elliot's Debates, volume
1, p. 463. (1788-07-29) The quote above was said by Hamilton at a
debate over government in 1788. He was basically saying that if we did
not have educated men and women running the country we would not be
easily respected from the outside or the inside. It is easier to run
and manage a country if the officials themselves actually understand
what is going on. Hamilton understood this and was educated enough to
comprehend the responsibilities that officials undergo. Being the
first Secretary of Treasury, he was in a position where he understood
how much intelligence and foresight that was needed in order to
successfully manage a prosperous country such as the United States.
Hamilton was able to see ahead and think of how much progress would
happen, and that shaped his views for what we should do then as well.
He knew we would need educated officials, he knew we would grow enough
as a nation that we would still be at the point where we needed
educated officials to help aid the United States and to help keep the
citizens safe. With such educated men there would be opposing
opinions, yes, that much was evident between Jefferson and Hamilton,
but that was something inescapable. If we had ended up using
Jefferson’s theories of total equality, letting a simple uneducated
man become Chief Justice, or even President, there would be more
arguments than there would have been with the educated men and women.
Simply because you learn about what is going on in the country and how
exactly to run such a large and powerful nation, through your
education. Officials need education in order to have a confident idea
on what needs to happen, in the meantime, the common man has a chance
to put his/her ideas to the test by writing letters to their official
or by voting. It is as easy as that, they still get a say, but if they
didn't have the complete grasp of the situation the educated official
is able to tweak it to where it works with all the law documents and
make the common mans proposition a standing law proposition. That is
what Hamilton wanted to achieve, and it works well enough to where
every man is able to have a say, and we are still respected by outside
viewers. Hamilton left a huge legacy in this form throughout our three
branches of government. Hamilton knew what his ideals for the American
business standard were. They included manufacturing, and thought about
the industrial age. However, they didn't just include one type of
business, it included all types of people to help them all thrive in
the next years of America. It included farmers, merchants, tradesmen,
sailors, cobblers, politicians, and the men who worked in
manufacturing. He knew that everyone was important in the success of
America, and the conjoined unity of his economic plans helped support
that thought, as well as make us look stronger in the face of other
countries. We all worked together to create one of the biggest
superpowers of this time, and I believe that is largely because of
Alexander Hamilton. So, he may not have been as full on democratic
equality as Thomas Jefferson, but he was for the economic freedom and
diversity for everyone, and I believe that made a more lasting impact
on America today. When you first think of America, you may immediately
think of Thomas Jefferson and the declaration of independence, but if
you look more closely at the development of our nation, I am sure you
will see that Alexander Hamilton is actually the backbone of how we
run things today. And to use a quote from the debate we watched; ‘We
live in a Hamiltonian Society.’ Citations:
http://larouchepac.com/node/21139
http://listverse.com/2012/02/13/top-10-highly-developed-countries/
http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Alexander_Hamilton
http://together.edublogs.org/2010/09/28/ jefferson-vs-hamilton-whose-
vision- endures/
[Posted by CarleighJ at 2014-01-11T15:48:05+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	Carleigh i really agree with you about the combination of economy
	which has really helped with our economy today.
	[Posted by Darren_Z1 at 2014-01-12T14:16:42+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I love how you brought in outside information that I hadn't known. It
	is obvious you put a lot of thought and effort into making it as great
	at this is, and even though I think Jefferson is the best fit for
	America, this made me do a double take. Well done.
	[Posted by ElisabethC at 2014-01-12T18:17:06+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I agree you with you. I love how you said that we live in a Hamilton
	city
	[Posted by Savannahmc at 2014-01-12T22:17:34+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I loved your essay's quality as well as quantity, the work and time
	you spent on it is clearly visible.
	[Posted by PhilipKang at 2014-01-12T20:18:26+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	Well put, you were able to put all your reasoning out there very
	effectively.
	[Posted by Grady at 2014-01-13T22:20:33+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I am pleasantly surprised by the amount of efficiency and work put
	into this! Especially love the citations, which prove your views and
	facts true to the point. Good Work!
	[Posted by Hunteray09 at 2014-01-16T18:26:17+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Think of our world today, but everyone lived on a farm. You had to
get up five in the morning, maybe work in the fields with your dad for
a few hours before heading off to school. Then once you get home it’s
back to the fields. After dinner you do homework and head off to bed.
The next day is the very same. Doesn't sound fun, now does it? That is
the world Jefferson envisioned for us. Now think of the world you live
in now. We create and make products. You go to school and learn how to
build things. This is Hamilton’s vision that we are living. Hamilton
wanted this country to manufacture it’s own goods and he wanted us to
have a strong military. If I look around now, I see many companies
creating new technology and I see America as a military superpower. We
live in Hamilton's world. Hamilton wanted industry, he believed that a
nation could not become modern without it. With his influence, the
“Industrial Revolution” began. Factories were taking over and creating
all different kinds of goods. More people got jobs and more jobs means
more goods for everyone. Today, we still make goods. Those American
Eagle jeans you’re wearing? They were made here. Without Hamilton, you
probably would not be wearing them. Hamilton saw a bloody war with his
own eyes. He fought beside Washington in the Revolution and saw just
how brutal humans could be. He did not completely trust everyone and
tried to raise voting standards. Hamilton helped fight for our freedom
and he wants to keep it. He does not want some country to take it
away. He helped set up the military that protects America now. To end
my argument I want to point out that both men have suitable qualities
for governing this country. While Jefferson may have been more fair to
the people, Hamilton got America where it needed to be.
[Posted by KateW at 2014-01-11T15:59:11+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree, people who would always work in the farms would not follow
	with the way jefferson believed people should live
	[Posted by TylerO at 2014-01-12T15:12:42+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I can see where you are coming from, but I disagree with the fact
	that everyone would be a farmer in a farmers world. I think
	agriculture would be a big part, but if we had more farms in the U.S.
	Would that be so bad? Wouldn't it be better to have fresh produce then
	things imported from all over the world covered in chemicals?
	[Posted by ElisabethC at 2014-01-12T18:19:13+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

		All food is covered in chemicals. Farming without pesticides is
		difficult and dangerous.
		[Posted by pakicetus at 2014-01-13T22:12:20+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

			I agree, not only is it a more efficient way of producing
			agriculture, but the chemicals that can be harmful to humans, are
			either in proportions to small to matter, or are taken of during the
			process of getting the produce from farms, to our tables.
			[Posted by Grady at 2014-01-14T20:44:49+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

		Elisabeth, you said that you don't think we would all be farmers, but
		you never say why, you do just the opposite and state why it wouldn't
		be so bad if we WERE all farmers. Do you have any evidence that would
		support your belief that in Jeffersonian world we wouldn't all be
		farmers?
		[Posted by Grady at 2014-01-13T22:00:16+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree. I like how you added that he fought beside Washington at
	war.
	[Posted by zachv at 2014-01-12T23:21:27+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I see where your coming from but you have to think about even though
	we live in Hamiltons vison in some things like manufacturing goods,
	present day our world is trying to come up with ways to stop pollution
	and things like that because it is killing our planet. Jefferson did
	not want these problems to begin with.
	[Posted by Audrey41 at 2014-01-13T08:28:36+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	This is SUCH a great argument! Honestly this makes me really think
	about my choice towards Jefferson. But, i still believe if we lived
	fully in a Hamilton world without care for the people i feel the
	people would have another revoultion because they wouldnt want to be
	under control without any word again. But, Hamilton was very right
	about factories, and manufactreing. well done.
	[Posted by Maggieblack at 2014-01-13T08:39:27+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	Kate, love the intro, well put way to compare and contrast.
	[Posted by Grady at 2014-01-13T22:22:09+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I like how you clarified both sides and then compared and contrasted
	both. I am on board the Hamilton train.
	[Posted by Hunteray09 at 2014-01-16T18:13:50+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

The philosophies and ideals of Alexander Hamilton obviously left a
more enduring vision for America. Through his notions of a strong
central government, a balanced economy of not just agriculture, and
his vision of equality the legacy of Alexander Hamilton still lives on
today. Though many may not know his name or his share in building this
nation, we sure have a lot to thank him for. Hamilton's view for a
strong central government was vital for the success of the new
country, and for that we can be thankful that our country is still
around today and wasn't demolished shortly after its inception. A
stronger federal government tasked to collect more taxes was greatly
needed to support a larger military in order to protect against the
threats of foreign nations. Along with a larger military, Hamilton
envisioned a government that would fix the many flaws of the previous
Articles of Confederation. Hamilton felt that the United States
government needed the ability to issue currency and to negotiate
interstate commerce, two things the Articles of Confederation
unfortunately lacked, as well as again the ability to collect larger
revenues. Without these three things we likely wouldn't have grown
into the power we are today. Now we must thank Alexander Hamilton for
the fact that we live in a nation not dependent solely on agriculture,
but also based on trade, business, and manufacturing. When he became
Secretary of the Treasury he tasked himself with paying off our debts
remaining from the Revolutionary War to make sure we didn't lose
respect here at home or abroad so early. In order to expand the
economy, and in turn increase the overall wealth of the nation he knew
the federal government needed to promote business, manufacturing, and
trade. We can easily see today this envisioned balanced economy:
agriculture is still a cornerstone of our economy; business is
everywhere providing almost any service you can think of,
manufacturing plays a key role in producing goods mot only for us but
for many people abroad, and trade helps us fulfill the potential of
these other three areas. Some would say that Thomas Jefferson would
excel in the area of equality for all peoples, but we have plenty of
evidence to show that's untrue. Of the two, Hamilton was the one who
really supported the idea that all men are created equal. Jefferson
owned over 200 slaves, while Hamilton was a proud abolitionist.
Hamilton stood for those in all realms of the public sphere, not just
farmers and those involved with agriculture. He stood up not just for
farmers, but also for soldiers, factory workers, and slaves. Hamilton
also believed in a government that protected the civil rights of all
citizens. Jefferson may have been a strong proponent of religious
freedom, but a quote from Hamilton reads, “There can be no truer
principle than this — that every individual of the community at large
has an equal right to the protection of government.”
[Posted by CarrieL at 2014-01-11T23:37:27+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree with and like how you stated Hamilton's view of a strong
	government and his reasons for wanting one.
	[Posted by Claire_W at 2014-01-12T19:46:04+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree Thomas Jefferson really didn't support that all men are
	equal.
	[Posted by zachv at 2014-01-12T23:19:45+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree Alex Hamilton left a more enduring vision for America.
	[Posted by Katiao at 2014-01-12T17:41:08+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree completely with you Carrie, you did a great job explaining
	all of your reasons! Well done.
	[Posted by CarleighJ at 2014-01-13T15:52:00+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Today, the United States easily sits as a major world superpower. It
sprouted near the closure of the 1800's, when America began its peak
in the economy. How did this fresh new band of colonies surpass even
the finest world powers, such as Britain? You had better thank
Alexander Hamilton for that. Hamilton laid down his image for America
in the future. He wished for a strong military and government, a sound
and diversified economy, and the abolition of slavery. His ideas for
America are what began to assemble the lost pieces of America's
economy and growth. They laid the infrastructure for industrial growth
in the 1800's as well as the Industrial Revolution, which created more
job opportunities and greatly improved our economy. Even today the
effects of Hamilton's leadership show throughout our everyday lives,
just by looking at the economy we live in. He rose our military
standards, and for that we have the protection we would later need.
What made Hamilton an expert on the military, was that he was a
primary source of the action. In the summer of 1775, Hamilton
volunteered at a militia company known as the "Hearts of Oak". Later
on in March 1776 he was commissioned by the state government to
captain. His task at hand was to raise the New York Provincial Company
of Artillery to protect Manhattan. Hamilton's men served along side
Henry Knox's, a Chief of Artillery under Washington's command.
Hamilton was later recognized by Washington himself, and became
Commander in Chief. Years of military service affected Hamilton's line
of thinking, for the good of America. He managed to kill two birds
with one stone, by proposing to recruit slaves to the Continental Army
then offering them freedom for their service. A term known as
"Indentured Servants". Hamilton provided troops when needed by
Washington, and made use of slaves by offering their freedom. This was
the beginning of a vigorous and sturdy military. Before Hamilton's
excellent thought and leadership, America mostly relied on trade from
other countries, and remained under the shadow of Britain. Britain
helped America with imports and exports of different material, but
expected taxes that were far too high to withstand. After a great
Revolution in which we noted that Hamilton took part of, America won
its independence. With America on its own, the economy started out
weak. There was no mother country to provide what was needed. Near the
end of the Revolution, about a year before the "Treaty of Paris",
Hamilton resided to Philadelphia, where he became an elected
representative to the Continental Congress. Hamilton understood the
importance of the American image to other countries in order to gain
allies, and he kept this in mind when declaring his thoughts for a
perfect economy. In 1786, Hamilton was elected as New York
legislature. Hamilton traveled back down to Philadelphia one year
later to participate in the Constitutional Convention as one of New
York's three delegates. The Constitution is signed by different
delegates including Hamilton. Hamilton's true political potential
isn't shown however until he begins to write the "Federalist Papers".
This set of 85 essays supported Ratification of the Constitution and
persuaded readers to ratify it. It was Hamilton's influence that got
the Constitution ratified. Hamilton then begins the calling for a
Nation Bank to increase the circulation of currency. Eventually, the
bank was established and has lived to today. It exceeded what Hamilton
could have ever hoped. In closure to Hamilton's economy, he had hoped
for a balanced scale between manufacturing, trade, and agriculture.
The balance allowed for all assortments of products to be established
and didn't go out to one specific group of people. Hamilton believed
in all jobs, not just rural and farming like Jefferson. With the start
of the Industrial Revolution, jobs opened up like nothing before. The
economy was in a heavenly state, with the inventions of new machines
to make life easier. To this day we see the effects of Hamilton's
economy, as it is still with us today. If you only like crops grown by
farmers, then you can make the decision to only buy their produce. You
are not limited to it if you do not want it. Grocery stores have an
assortment of things from manufacturing to agriculture. Hamilton made
this dream possible! To end my arguable debate, I'd like to once again
stress the impact Hamilton had on this country and its rise to world
power. Without this man, our economy may still be in the state it was
in the early 1700's, or worse. Hamilton allowed freedom to slaves and
offered more troops for military service while at it. He was captain
under Washington, and aided him with troops in battle. He built the
most successful bank in the country! Jefferson and other leaders made
contributions to this country, but not many can come close to the
impact Hamilton made. Alexander Hamilton in my eyes left a more
enduring vision of America.
[Posted by Hunteray09 at 2014-01-10T22:17:59+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	Hunter, I like your argument and extra back ground on Hamilton.
	However, I do believe in the debate we watched that it said Hamilton's
	economy, although a great idea, had little impact at the time.
	[Posted by Jayceeq at 2014-01-12T12:29:03+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

		I completely agree with you on the fact that Hamilton's beliefs
		didn't have the biggest impact at the time, but the thing in question
		here is who's vision is the most enduring, and the vision that has
		been relevant for the longest is definitely Hamilton's
		[Posted by EvannsM at 2014-01-12T18:33:40+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

			Exactly, if you look at our economy, society, and culture, you can
			see most of Hamilton's ideals
			[Posted by PhilipKang at 2014-01-12T20:17:05+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

America is a place where innovation, freedom, and strong economy is
key the to success. As Americans, we often take our good fortune for
granted; we forget that there were people who shaped our lifestyles
into what they are today. Alexander Hamilton took America and formed
the unified country we see today. Hamilton viewed our country as a
place where industry, investment, and expanded commerce triumphed
agrarian life. His views of the economy, slavery, and the Constitution
are all reasons why I think he left the most enduring vision of
America. Alexander Hamilton opposed Jefferson's views of an agrarian
economy. Jefferson saw the industrial cities and believed that it
would discourage that agrarian way of life, but Hamilton saw them as a
way to give people a choice of career. He felt that the economy needed
to grow into something bigger than what Jefferson saw, that we needed
to find a way to become more than an agricultural society. Though he
felt that we needed more than cultivation to have a booming society,
he didn't put down the agrarian way of life, as Jefferson did with
industrialism. He also promoted the National Bank, which would
regulate expenses. He wanted to keep internal taxes and use debt as a
way to establish credit, which are both things that our economy use
today and are based on. Slavery put down his view of economy, so he
fought against it. Slavery was a big problem in America, even though
most people didn't see it. Alexander Hamilton did see it, though. As a
child, he spent much time around wealthy slave owners, so he saw the
brutality and abandonment that it brought. He realized the problem and
fought to fix it, unlike Jefferson, who owned slaves himself. Hamilton
played a direct role in abolishing slavery in the north. He felt that
African Americans could make a better life for themselves with proper
education and training. He believed that all people were equal in
their physical and mental attributes, so there was no reason to have
slaves. The Constitution was a topic of much controversy in America.
Alexander Hamilton was a big part of pulling it together. He pulled
everyone together for the Constitutional Convention; he wrote the
Federalist Papers promoting the Constitution, and he got New York to
ratify. Without his contributions, there would be nothing keeping our
country as a union with a strong national government. His contribution
in writing the Federalist Papers made all the difference in changing
the anti-federalist states' minds. Without him, New York may not have
ever ratified, and then where would we be? He was a major part in
securing the destiny of this country. Hamilton's views shaped the
economy, the Constitution, and slavery and left the most enduring
vision of America.
[Posted by cassidyrj at 2014-01-11T16:34:03+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I completely agree with everything you wrote! Hamilton was an
	absolutely crucial part to ratifying the constitution and without him
	we would not be where we are today.
	[Posted by EvannsM at 2014-01-12T18:27:28+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Social classes play a huge role in government today. People who are
wealthier tend to know more about how the government works. It is
easier for them to move up to higher federal positions and make
important, educated decisions. Hamilton recognized this and
incorporated it into his belief system. He believed that the "common
people often acted foolishly and that the rich, educated, and well
born should run the country", and while i don't think that the common
people can't work their way up the social classes just as Hamilton
did, I do agree that well educated people make better, smarter
decisions. Many people may disagree with Hamilton's ideas on
individual liberties being restricted. I think that they are
interpreting this idea in the wrong context. I think that he was
saying that while we should have freedom of speech, we should not be
able to say things that may cause problems for others. For example,
you wouldn't want someone to yell 'fire' in a completely safe building
and have everyone to evacuate, only to learn there never was a fire.
Hamilton wasn't saying that liberties should be restricted, rather
than have restrictions. I think that Hamilton's ideas on economy
better match our current economic standings than Jefferson's. Hamilton
established and supported a National Bank. Having a National Bank
allows us to borrow and loan money to other countries, which makes us
allies, and also allows us to establish credit. Jefferson wanted our
economy to be entirely based off of agriculture, and while many people
may argue that Hamilton wanted our economy to be completely
industrialized, it is entirely untrue. He did want agriculture to be a
source of income, he just didn't want it to be our only source of
income. If you look at America today, that is exactly what you see.
industry makes up a huge part of our society, but we still largely
rely on agriculture. Jefferson may have had more a philanthropic
vision of America, but Hamilton's philosophies are what make up our
society and culture today.
[Posted by Allyson_J at 2014-01-11T18:03:17+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree with this, although I agreed with the Jefferson people I
	think that you make good points and may even change my mind
	[Posted by kinseyw at 2014-01-11T18:12:45+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree, the people who where smarter would have been better to run
	the country
	[Posted by TylerO at 2014-01-12T15:05:08+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree with you Allyson about the wealthier people knowing more
	about government.
	[Posted by Darren_Z1 at 2014-01-12T14:13:59+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

America is a nation forged through fire and has always been a beacon
of hope for a new future, and who else but Alexander Hamilton to
portray this journey. Alexander Hamilton, who climbed up all the way
from the deepest depths of poverty, who was abandoned by his father
and condemned to a life of arduous, unpromising struggle, who worked
his way to the top through the most discouraging of situations, who
used his scholarship and education to construct some of the most
influential works of literature our nation has seen, who became a
commerce genius, who did all this of his own determination. Alexander
Hamilton embodies the American spirit of astute, unfaltering
determination to succeed. Alexander Hamilton pursued a Constitution
that left freedom for the peoples’ decisions, the establishing of a
stable economy by strategic debt tactics and the founding of a central
bank, and a structured government to support its people, which we
still see its legacy today. After the failed attempt of a government
called the Articles of Confederation, a new, stronger government
needed to be formed, and thus the Constitution was started. The
Constitution would be the foundation for the new government for
centuries to come. But there was still dispute over how powerful the
new government should be. Alexander Hamilton wanted the Constitution
to give Americans space to breathe on their own decisions, but still
provide structure. In fact, that’s all he wanted the Constitution to
be; a basic structure. The Constitution was meant to define the ideas
of the new government and its relationship with the people. The
Constitution would list what the government thought the people should
be able to do and what it in itself should not be allowed to decide. I
strongly agree with Alexander’s philosophy of a Constitution to guide
the country with a government to lead its people. This brings me to my
next topic, the establishment of a democratic government. Alexander
Hamilton supported a strong central government and believed that
America’s government should be modeled off of the British system.
This, of course, rivaled Thomas Jefferson’s preferences of a weak
federal government and powerful state government. However there were
crippling problems with Jefferson’s idea, one of them being, again,
the Articles of Confederation, which had an extremely weak federal
government that was condemned to fall apart. The second issue was the
lack of unity. As a nation, America needed to be a team, lead by one
government, not by their states’ own. Each state taking care of itself
would defeat the purpose of being a country, and larger issues were
bound to arise from these flaws. America needed structure in its
government and unity, which was brought by a strong central
government. Maintaining the economy is a major function of the
government, and Alexander Hamilton understood this. Just as the nation
needed unity in its government, it needed unity in its economy, too,
so the National Bank was founded by Hamilton. The central banking
system would help centralize the responsibility of America’s
government and maintain and stabilize the economy in general. To win
the people's support, Hamilton even suggested the government take on
the war debts, showing the importance of improving the economy.
Alexander, being a financial genius and Secretary of the Treasury, had
an unprecedented strategy to boost and provide security to the economy
. While Jefferson wanted to expel internal taxes and debt, Hamilton
wanted to keep internal taxes and debt to establish credit. Hamilton
also wanted a balanced economy that didn’t put too much pressure on
one industry, unlike Jefferson who favored a reliance on agriculture.
Alexander’s diverse industry dependence was a brilliant method of
establishing a sound government and investing in them by offering
financial support. In conclusion, Alexander Hamilton lives on in the
shards of his arduous strife and astounding accomplishments sprinkled
throughout American history and ideals. We can still see the influence
of Alexander Hamilton in most of the institutions we use today, such
as our Constitution, government, and economic affairs, not to mention
the very essence of American spirit: the passionate struggle to defeat
your obstacles and reach beyond your goals.
[Posted by ParkerH at 2014-01-11T21:46:12+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

I think Alexander Hamilton is the best choice for America because he
focuses on a more economic point of view. One of the best things to
have is a strong economy. In fact it's something that a new country
like America needs. As well as something it should strive for. This is
the main reason i voted for Alexander Hamilton. Alexander Hamilton
also fought to abolish slavery in America. Did you know Alexander
Hamilton helped to abolish slavery in NY? He also helped in its
abolishment in several other states. Unlike Thomas Jefferson who
claimed to be against slavery owned over one hundred of them. He also
didn't free all of them after his death, in fact he only freed about 9
almost all of which had the same last name. While on the subject of
Thomas Jefferson did you know that he wanted a rural only America. He
fought against cities and banks even. Also Thomas Jefferson wanted to
only support agriculture. Meanwhile Hamilton supported both the big
and the little man by having the government fund them. Also Jefferson
was against the thought of a military while Hamilton actually helped
to fund it. While you may have been told that Alexander Hamilton
didn't support a strict translation of the constitution. That may be
the case but he still fought hard to get it ratified. In fact he
almost single handedly got it ratified in New York. Alexander Hamilton
also affected the state constitutions of several other states. So I
believe we are living in Hamilton's America and I think we're better
off for it. Those are just a few of the reasons why I think America is
better off with Alexander Hamilton than Thomas Jefferson.
[Posted by Dominickw at 2014-01-12T08:35:14+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I understand your point about economics, but Hamilton wished to
	restrict the personal rights of citizens, which I do not agree with.
	[Posted by saramon at 2014-01-12T19:44:35+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	I agree with Dominick, having a strong diverse economy is important
	to the success of a country. Therefore, Hamilton had a better vision
	of factor needed to have a strong economy.
	[Posted by MasonMch at 2014-01-12T21:24:26+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Both Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson had good beliefs when it
comes to the future of America. While I agree with many aspects of
Jefferson's beliefs regarding the common people, Hamilton had much
better ideas for the government, Constitution, and economy. While
Thomas Jefferson had many views that would help protect the people,
Alexander Hamilton had great views on how to run the government.
Alexander Hamilton devoured a strong central government. At the
Constitutional Convention in 1787, Hamilton argued that neither the
New Jersey Plan, nor the Virginia Plan would work for the current
situation. He believed that the government should be divided into
three branches. Division of the government into three branches would
allow for none of the branches to become too powerful. He believed
that the best government for the United States would be a national
government that had complete political authority. He disliked states
governments, and believed that, in a perfect union, there would be no
states at all. Hamilton drafted a plan for a new, centralized national
government, that would still allow states to retain their
individuality and basic rights. He carefully drafted this plan,
combining what he thought where all the best aspects from successful
governments across the globe. Not only did Hamilton have better views
to establish a strong government, he had better views on interpreting
the Constitution. Jefferson believed in a strict interpretation on the
Constitution, and wanted a Bill of Rights, which he believed could
only be granted under the Constitution. Alexander Hamilton believed in
a loose interpretation of the Constitution, but that didn't stop him
from co-authoring a series of essays in support of the it, known as
The Federalist Papers. Hamilton believed that if the Constitution did
not forbid something, then it should be permitted. A strict
interpretation leaves no room for the future, as technology and
culture progresses. With only a strict interpretation, the
Constitution would constantly have to be modified to fit the
developing world. In addition to Hamilton's views on the government
and Constitution, he had better ideas for the basis of the economy.
Hamilton wanted a balanced economy based on agriculture, trade,
finance, and manufacturing. Jefferson thought that agriculture should
be the backbone of the economy. While agriculture is important to the
economy, an economy focusing solely on agriculture would be very
unstable. For example, if there was a very dry or cold season, crops
would fail. With only agriculture to support the economy, the economy
would suffer. Hamilton believed in a more modern economy, so that if a
certain aspect failed, the economy could still remain strong.
[Posted by AmyG at 2014-01-12T12:40:46+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

The debate between who left a longer lasting impression and who would
create a better America in general has been a widely asked question
for decades. Recently, it has been narrowed down to Washington's
himself right hand men. Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton are
both huge influences on today's America, but who had a better
contribution. Thomas Jefferson believed in equality for the common
man. Alexander Hamilton wanted a string government and economy. I am
here to try to convince you that Hamilton developed the economy and
government we have today, therefore making a longer lasting impression
and contributing more to the foundation of America than his rival
Thomas Jefferson. That being said, I don't believe that Jefferson
didn't contribute at all. I think he made a huge impact on the
equality of the modern man and woman, but Hamilton still would've run
the country better. The first fact that made me choose Hamilton over
Jefferson is the way he'd structure the government. Hamilton was a
Federalist in strong support of the constitution, in fact, he was the
man who wrote the persuading set of essays the Federalist Papers in
order to sway everyone for the Constitution. He favored a strong
central government to keep the country in order and developed the Army
and Navy to defend our country from foreign invaders. This here is the
polar opposite of what Jefferson wanted. He favored a weak central
government that gave more power to the states than to the central
government. Does this sound familiar? This sounds a lot like the
Articles of Confederation, which caused the country to go into debt
and the states to nearly go to war with each other. Also, Hamilton,
despite being a strong Federalist, favored a more loose interpretation
of the Constitution. This means that he gave more freedom to the
people. Jefferson wanted the interpretation of the Constitution to be
strict. Strict as in, if it wasn't in the Constitution, you shouldn't
do it. Second, the economy and personal liberties. Hamilton did
believe that these liberties should have some restriction. I'm not
saying that I agree with this, but I can explain to you where he is
coming from. Personal liberties, such as speech and press for example,
can easily get a person in trouble with someone else, or in the worst
case scenario, another country. We were still recovering from our own
Revolutionary War with Britain at the time and if someone spoke out
about or wrote something inappropriate to the Brits, we could easily
end up in all out war again. My second point I mentioned in the first
sentence was the economy. Hamilton wanted a balanced economy,
America's income coming form agriculture, trade, finance, and
manufacturing. That way if something happened to one of these things
then America wouldn't be in a debt crisis. Jefferson believed that the
backbone for America's economy should be agriculture. This could
easily back fire on Jefferson as storms and natural disasters could
easily take agriculture out and America would have a higher risk of
going into debt if something like that ever happened. If Jefferson
could've had his way, we would all still be living a rural life
without cities, working on a farm 24/7. Also Hamilton wanted the
government to aid in these things, unlike Jefferson, who wanted the
Government to stay as far away from this as they could. Hamilton also
developed the first National Bank. The National Bank is where all of
our money is pooled when we pay taxes and is then distributed to the
Army, education, and the rest of America in general to keep it running
smoothly. A national bank is basically the founding stone for a strong
economy. Now, doesn't that sound important? Well, Jefferson was
against it. He also wanted to eliminate taxes, which contradicts his
statement about wanting to pay off national debt. Now how are you
going to pay off debt if the government doesn't have any money
Jefferson? Hamilton wanted to keep internal taxes, but use the debt as
a way to establish credit, which can open up financial doors. Credit
plays a strong factor in a good economy by serving as allowing people
more money if they pay taxes in a timely manner. It sets up good
business and financial relationships and gives special privileges to
those who can pay their taxes. Finally, I will touch on some good
qualities Jefferson has and wrap up my argument. Jefferson had many
more fair morals to the people, such as lowering voting qualifications
and putting lots of trust in the common people. He preferred a more
Democratic Government over Hamilton wanting to model the government on
the British system. Yet in the end, Jefferson trusted the people to a
fault. People are cruel and corrupted beings and would abuse the trust
Jefferson has given to them and drive this country into the ground.
Therefore, I believe that Alexander Hamilton would develop a better
country with a strong national government, defense forces, and economy
that still remain today. The government today though would easily
please both men, so I'm pretty sure we got it right.
[Posted by AnnaHeti at 2014-01-11T15:14:04+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

The "war" between who left a more lasting impression of how to run
America has lasted for many years. The two contenders were George
Washington's right hand men, Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton.
Both have their lasting qualities, yet I believe Alexander Hamilton'
idea for America was the lasting impression. He wanted America to be
equal in manufacturing, farming. This is important because this will
later in lead us to being a world superpower. We don't need others
making everything for us, even if we choose to do it anyways, and we
can also make our food at the same time. Jefferson wanted America to
be a rural country. That wouldn't have gotten us anywhere, and we
probably would have been invaded and taken over a long time ago. Also
Hamilton wanted a strong military, while in the other hand Jefferson
believed there was no need for one. Without Hamilton there would be no
means of protection to America. Without a military we would have lost
WWII possibly making the would ruled by the Nazi party. Even now we
can't fight against terrorists, and building an army now would be
useless. Jefferson may have impacted America hugely back then if we
lived in his "world" everything would be, lack of a better term
screwed up. I think actions speak louder than words and Jefferson was
all talk and no walk. In other words he has more writing than actions
towards America. When Hamilton did more for our country. Alexander
Hamilton also established the first National bank as a means to store
money, Jefferson believed this was a back idea and banks were corrupt.
This isn't the case, maybe a little in their time, but as of now they
are essentially the building blocks of "The common man of America."
Banks are places so everyone has a back up plan in terms of money. All
of these reasons contribute to why I think we live in the "world" of
Alexander Hamilton, and he is the everlasting foundation to America.
[Posted by Devinrose at 2014-01-11T17:30:49+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree with you, Devin, we needed (and still do) a strong military.
	[Posted by JohnCox at 2014-01-12T13:14:50+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree with you Devin especially about Hamilton establishing the
	first national bank
	[Posted by Darren_Z1 at 2014-01-12T14:12:04+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree with you 100%. I like how you talk about the military
	[Posted by Savannahmc at 2014-01-12T22:22:01+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Who left a more enduring vision of the U.S.A. Hamilton or Jefferson?
I believe Alexander Hamilton left a more enduring vision of the United
States of America. He started off very poor but he slowly made his way
up starting when he went to America to get the education he should
have. At this time he still had no money. Washington spotted his
potential in the revolutionary war and made him his assistant Hamilton
generously accepted his offer. Hamilton believed that the best form of
government was a federal form of government. That means the country
was ruled by the wealthy. Hamilton felt the country should be ruled by
the wealthy because they had the ability to get the knowledge that was
required to run the government. Therefore, he felt, the wealthy could
run the government better than the common people. Jefferson believed
that everyone’s accumulated ideas would be better than the few wealthy
men’s ideas. Hamilton wanted the country to have a lot of
manufacturing companies as opposed to agriculture. He believed that
there was more money to be made in manufacturing. However, Jefferson
believed that the agriculture path was the better path to take. I
think that Hamilton’s ideas were better because he was thinking more
in the long run and that in the future, manufacturing would be more
profitable and better for the country. While Jefferson wanted us to
follow the constitution precisely, Hamilton felt that a more relaxed
interpretation was better. If the constitution was interpreted in a
more relaxed way, Hamilton would be able to build the national bank,
which would further advance the manufacturing dream he envisioned.
Which would then make the wealthy people more wealthy. I think that
Hamilton’s idea would better America because it would make us more
united in our decisions and make us a stronger nation. In the end, I
believe that Hamilton’s ideas were better than Jefferson’s for
Americans. His ideas would make the future America a better, more
profitable place to live, even if it took a while to get there.
[Posted by andywilding at 2014-01-12T13:32:02+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

In my opinion Alexander Hamilton left a more enduring version of
America. A lot of the stuff you see today is because of what Alexander
Hamilton believed in. Alexander Hamilton was really into dealing trade
and earning credit to bond with other countries and earn their trust.
As a result a lot of countries are our allies and trading partners
such as China for example. Hamilton also wanted a strong U.S. economy.
Today we have a pretty strong economy which is something that Hamilton
wanted. Unlike Jefferson, Hamilton was against slavery. He helped end
slavery in some states such as New York and New Jersey. Hamilton also
was a federalist because of how he supported the ratification of the
constitution. Hamilton wrote a majority of the federalist papers.
Alexander Hamilton favored farming, manufacturing, and finance and if
you look around you that is what some of America is about. Hamilton
also fought in the Revolutionary War against Britain. He was appointed
captain of artillery by General George Washington. Hamilton was also a
lawyer and baker which proved he was very organized and smart.
[Posted by Darren_Z1 at 2014-01-12T14:05:12+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree, most of the economical believes we have today come from
	hamiltons ideas
	[Posted by TylerO at 2014-01-12T15:14:18+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree that Alexander Hamilton left more of a legacy behind because
	of his idea of a strong economy that we have now today, and was
	against slavery.
	[Posted by PatrickB at 2014-01-12T18:24:47+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Jefferson looks like the nice guy, I get that, and Hamilton may look
like the bad guy, seeing how he doesn’t stand up for the “little guy”.
But think about it, who is the little guy? The slaves, not the
farmers, and Hamilton was an abolitionist. Jefferson didn’t even
release his slaves when he died. After reading about both men, I think
Alexander Hamilton would be better for overseeing America’s economy,
the interpretation of the constitution, and how the government should
be run, no matter what people think about his personality. Alexander
Hamilton’s vision of the economy was balanced and based on
agriculture, trade, finance, and manufacturing. He wanted the
government to give aid to all of these for support. Thomas Jefferson,
on the other hand, wanted agriculture to be the backbone of our
nation, and did not want the government to support trade,
manufacturing, or finance. Alexander Hamilton established a national
bank, which Jefferson opposed, but used to make the Louisiana
Purchase. Hamilton’s idea of government was also good; he wanted a
strong central government. Jefferson favored a strong states’
government, and I can understand why some would agree with this,
thinking it good that the states could do as they pleased. For that
reason exactly, the Articles of Confederation failed. The states are
too different, and need a strong federal government to unify them. He
wanted a loose interpretation of the constitution. Jefferson wanted
strict. The thing is, who is deciding how strictly these rules are
being followed? Loose interpretation is good because it gives the
people a say in the way the constitution is interpreted. Overall, I
think Hamilton left a more enduring legacy. The National Bank is still
around today, we have an economy of agriculture, manufacturing,
finance, and trade, and we can interpret the constitution as we
choose. If problems arise, we have the Supreme Court. Even though we
have a strong central government, states, as well as people, still
have power. Even though Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson have
different legacies, I personally think Alexander Hamilton’s is more
meaningful in today’s world.
[Posted by JohnCox at 2014-01-12T17:07:22+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I like how you mentioned that the real little guy was the slaves and
	not the farmers. I don't think too many people noticed that.
	[Posted by CarrieL at 2014-01-13T06:05:58+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

When you think of the word “enduring”, you think of words such as
continuing, or long-lasting. This means that we are looking not for
the person who has had a greater impact on the United States, but who
had the longest-lasting vision for her. When you think about which of
the founding fathers has had the most enduring vision, it is extremely
hard to overlook one man, Alexander Hamilton. Hamilton was a brilliant
man who had an amazing, and very enduring vision for the United
States. One of Hamilton’s most enduring ideas were the ideas of a
diverse economy; the abolition of slavery; and the power of a strong
military. When you think about what things brought America from a
young, debt-ridden nation, to the most powerful country on Earth, you
think about big business and manufacturing, two things that Hamilton
not only believed in, but facilitated. Hamilton, unlike Jefferson, had
a vision of a strong, and diverse American economy, two things that
catapulted us into greatness, and are still a big part of what America
stands for. Jefferson’s vision was simply an agrarian economy,
Hamilton’s on the other hand not only included farming, but it also
included manufacturing, and finance. Hamilton founded one of the first
manufacturing centers in New Jersey, the bank of New York, and the New
York Stock Exchange, three things that have endured with us up to
today. Hamilton’s economic vision is one that will never falter, while
Jefferson’s is an outdated one that if put in place, would make the
United States a small, poor, and undeveloped nation. Another enduring
vision Hamilton had was the belief in the abolition of slavery. While
Jefferson was a harsh slave owner, Hamilton refused to use his power
and influence to aid the trade of slaves, even though most of the
wealthy, and educated men he surrounded himself with were big slave
owners. Jefferson contradicted himself in many ways, and one of them
was that even though he preached equality for all people throughout
his life, he owned many slaves, and even let slavery into the
Louisiana Purchase. If you’re looking for who had the most enduring
vision for America, it’s not difficult to decide between a firm
abolitionist, and a man who owned slaves throughout his whole life,
and wouldn’t let them free after his death. As my last point of why
Hamilton had a more enduring vision of the United States, let’s take a
look at our military. Hamilton believed in a strong military, a belief
that has carried us and our allies to victory through two world wars,
and is still with us today. Jefferson on the opposite side of the
spectrum, actually fought against a Navy and an Army, the only two
branches of the military at the time. Hamilton’s vision of the
military is a vision that is still with us, and one that we as
Americans are extremely proud of. To conclude, neither Hamilton nor
Jefferson were perfect, as both had their downfalls. But when you look
at the United States today, and whose vision is the most enduring, you
will realize that Alexander Hamilton’s vision has been serving us well
for 237 years and will forever be a part of America.
[Posted by EvannsM at 2014-01-12T18:20:39+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	You have some good points on why Hamilton had a better vision of the
	US!
	[Posted by ASevernak at 2014-01-12T19:06:06+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Sample from past student Nick Tsigas: First, look around you. You
live in a country of industry: a legacy dating back to the invention
of steam; a country with an innovative mindset, freedom, and
structure. Now look at yourself. Where do you live, what is your
nationality, who do you identify with? America. Not Texas, or
Virginia, or any one state. The United States. A country with a strong
government, representatives, the Federal Reserve, even a close
alliance with Britain, and a Constitution that has been built on and
expanded over the years. These all are the ideals of Alexander
Hamilton and his Federalists, and now, over two hundred years later,
they still provide the backbone of an ideal American society. Hamilton
rose in an unprecedented manner from poverty and nothingness to become
a shrewd politician and war hero. He was born abandoned and disowned
and worked, on his own merits, to rise to a career in law, and
Wasington’s aide-de-camp. In war he witnessed horrors none of us can
imagine, including Jefferson. It is true that these past experiences
influenced some of his ideas that seem defensive and untrusting
towards the majority of society. But all people are influenced by the
past, including Jefferson and his ‘sunnier’ background. Many of
Jefferson’s ideas, while idealistic, are no longer relevant in today’s
government; particularly his grand idea of an America of ‘yeoman’
farmers, and states all but separate in government. Any final vestiges
of this illusion vanished in the 1800’s when America, like the rest of
the modern age, became industrialized. This, Hamilton anticipated, and
it came true. For those who doubt Hamilton, I say look no farther than
the country around you today, for it is full of Hamilton’s ideas.
People looking to hold an office in politics must prove to through
campaigns that they are worthy of people’s trust, and not selfish and
manipulative. Representatives, not the everyday man, go to Washington
where the laws that affect all of us, state and citizen are made. Our
economy is reflected in an abstract, but effective stock market. The
Federal Reserve Bank of America is the cornerstone of our economy and
growth, and even allowed for the dubious Louisiana Purchase. We export
goods and services, and take a leading role in Foreign Relations. We
have a close alliance with Britain and many other countries. Most
importantly, we have a society in which, like Hamilton himself, the
little man can make himself whatever he pursues in life. In short, we
are a global superpower. All of these were the foresights, ideas and
brainchildren of the great Alexander Hamilton, without whom we would
not know the privileges our society has to offer. In conclusion, when
the grand picture of history is taken into consideration, Hamilton is
responsible for some of the most fundamental, progressive Ideals and
Institutions that have made America the worldwide powerhouse that it
is. Where some people provided a newborn America with words and
principles, Mr. Hamilton gave it practicable ideas, institutions, and
a forward-thinking attitude that prompted it into the actions that
made it what is is today. And as they say, actions speak louder than
words.
[Posted by coachorman at 2014-01-09T12:30:32+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

I used to think Thomas Jefferson had a more enduring vision of the
United States, but then again Alexander Hamilton wanted us to be a
better country in the future a strong and with a good economic view,
that's exactly what a new country like America needs a strong leader
that can make us a better and stronger country in the future.  Thomas
Jefferson had a vision of the future for us which wasn't that good he
wanted us to still live in farms get really early in the morning to do
our job go to school come back, then the next morning do the same,
what a boring life we would have right? Alexander Hamilton wanted us
to improve for the future have better factories and a better life. We
have a pretty advanced country now thanks for his vision of the
future. Alexander Hamilton wanted us to manufacture our own things and
have strong military. We have so many great companies that thoughout
the year they manufacture their own things and every year they create
something better, something that can make our lives better. For
example this essay I'm writing I could of been writing it on paper
with pencil and I would probably have errors, but now we have iPads
that help us do so many things we have a better chance of having a
good life and education now, all thanks to Hamilton.  We have freedom,
we like that we can do whatever we want of course we have our
boundaries, but without those boundaries we would be a really weak
country, other countries would want to take what we have now. That's
why Hamilton wanted a strong military so we could keep what we have
now, imagine if we didn't have that and we had a weak military other
countries could just come in and take whatever we have, they could
just easily take away our freedom and take over the country and all
that we have improved in, it wouldn't matter any more because they can
just come in and take it away without a fight, but we don't have a
weak military. We have a strong military that protects us.  Both
Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton had good ideas for America,
Thomas was more fair to people and thought about the farmers and the
slaves yet he had slaves and when he died he didn't give freedom to
all of them, he didn't really think of the future like Hamilton he
just thought of the present time. Alexander Hamilton did think of the
future and that's all we needed to be able to accomplish all the
things we have and do today.
[Posted by alejandray at 2014-01-12T12:52:58+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I really like how you arent completely one sided about the question
	and you still point out that Jefferson had good ideas for America
	[Posted by jonahott at 2014-01-13T02:04:51+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	i think that what you say is very true Jefferson didn't follow his
	words, but his words inspired our system of government that we have
	this very day.
	[Posted by HayleeDC at 2014-01-13T16:29:39+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Who do you think had a more enduring vision of the United States? For
me it would definitely have to be Alexander Hamilton. I have three
reasons why I love him. He got America a new Constitution, he was
against slavery, and he wrote a majority of the Federalist papers. The
Articles of Confederation were complete junk. They were literally just
an outline of the rules they wanted to get some form of Government
started. They weren’t very well thought out, which made it even worse
because the thing they needed most at the time was some sort of good
constitution. Alexander Hamilton realized this (being who he was) and
got people together and forced them to come up with something better.
The result was the Constitution of The United States, which might I
point out is what we still use to this day. Alexander Hamilton was
completely against slavery. He wrote it all over his writings. Yes, he
did believe that colored people were inferior to white men, but that
was just what everyone was raised to believe back then. Thomas
Jefferson was the opposite of Hamilton. He owned several slaves and
treated them horribly. Even after he died, he didn’t even release
them. I believe that people took in to account Hamilton’s view on
slavery. He was an influence to America that slavery was wrong, and
that people, all colors, were created equal. The Federalist Papers
were a series of 85 pages that promoted the ratification of The
Constitution. Alexander Hamilton wrote 52 of them. He is basically the
majority of the reason we have rights, people. I would like to see
someone top that. So obviously he left an enduring vision for history.
Yes, I will acknowledge the fact that Thomas Jefferson wrote the
Declaration of Independence. But that wasn’t his vision, those were
other peoples thoughts that he wrote on paper. Hamilton’s vision gave
us our American Rights. In conclusion, I believe Alexander Hamilton
had a more enduring vision for America because he got people to create
a new Constitution, he left a message that slavery was wrong entirely,
and wrote the majority of the papers that got the states to ratify the
constitution that we still use today. So in my opinion, Alexander
Hamilton wins this debate by a landslide.
[Posted by samjackson1 at 2014-01-12T14:57:09+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I like how you brought up Hamilton being an abolitionist.
	[Posted by JohnCox at 2014-01-12T17:08:25+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	Your essay was especially effective from your use of listing specific
	examples of why you liked Hamilton more.
	[Posted by CaseyS at 2014-01-12T20:39:31+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Alexander Hamilton left a more enduring vision of America. He was a
firm abolitionist who supported the equality of all men. He wrote the
Federalist papers which helped to interpret the Constitution he helped
draft. He established a strong versatile economy, and he instituted a
tax system, a credit system, and a manufacturing system. The
Declaration of Independence states that “all men are created equal.”
Hamilton not only supported this, he actively lived these words. He
worked towards equality, succeeding in New York and New Jersey.
Slavery was ended in those two states, the first of many to work
towards equality. It is said that Hamilton did own slaves, but they
were paid staff. He felt that with proper education and a steady
income, that anyone, including African Americans, could do great
things. Hamilton also saw that the Articles of Confederation were weak
and damaging the country. So he gathered all the delegates for a
Constitutional Convention. He helped to draft the Constitution,
keeping it loose and flexible. The loose interpretation he assumed
would allow for the Constitution to be used to solve many problems.
Hamilton also wrote the Federalist papers which not only helped to
ratify the Constitution, but they helped to later interpret the
Constitution. Hamilton used his position as Secretary of Treasury to
do many things to improve America’s economy. Instead of having the
economy rely on one thing like manufacturing or agriculture, he
supported a diverse economy. He wanted the economy to be balanced
between agriculture, trade, finance, and manufacturing. He improved
manufacturing by coming up with a better system, and he wanted the
government to give aid to all four parts of the economy. He
implemented a tax system and a credit system, making great strides in
achieving economic stability. His economy was very modern, and it is
the economy we live in today. Alexander Hamilton helped to start the
process of working towards equality.He was a key role in everything
that had to do with the Constitution, and his interpretation of the
Constitution has allowed us to become the America we are today. His
diverse economy has shaped and grown into today’s economy, it started
with him. We are living in Alexander Hamilton’s vision of America.
[Posted by LauraJ at 2014-01-12T15:27:41+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I like how you included the role Alexander Hamilton played in the
	creation of the Constitution.
	[Posted by Claire_W at 2014-01-12T19:57:11+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Sample former student SAMPLE:(Nick Tsigas) First, look around you.
You live in a country of industry: a legacy dating back to the
invention of steam; a country with an innovative mindset, freedom, and
structure. Now look at yourself. Where do you live, what is your
nationality, who do you identify with? America. Not Texas, or
Virginia, or any one state. The United States. A country with a strong
government, representatives, the Federal Reserve, even a close
alliance with Britain, and a Constitution that has been built on and
expanded over the years. These all are the ideals of Alexander
Hamilton and his Federalists, and now, over two hundred years later,
they still provide the backbone of an ideal American society. Hamilton
rose in an unprecedented manner from poverty and nothingness to become
a shrewd politician and war hero. He was born abandoned and disowned
and worked, on his own merits, to rise to a career in law, and
Wasington’s aide-de-camp. In war he witnessed horrors none of us can
imagine, including Jefferson. It is true that these past experiences
influenced some of his ideas that seem defensive and untrusting
towards the majority of society. But all people are influenced by the
past, including Jefferson and his ‘sunnier’ background. Many of
Jefferson’s ideas, while idealistic, are no longer relevant in today’s
government; particularly his grand idea of an America of ‘yeoman’
farmers, and states all but separate in government. Any final vestiges
of this illusion vanished in the 1800’s when America, like the rest of
the modern age, became industrialized. This, Hamilton anticipated, and
it came true. For those who doubt Hamilton, I say look no farther than
the country around you today, for it is full of Hamilton’s ideas.
People looking to hold an office in politics must prove to through
campaigns that they are worthy of people’s trust, and not selfish and
manipulative. Representatives, not the everyday man, go to Washington
where the laws that affect all of us, state and citizen are made. Our
economy is reflected in an abstract, but effective stock market. The
Federal Reserve Bank of America is the cornerstone of our economy and
growth, and even allowed for the dubious Louisiana Purchase. We export
goods and services, and take a leading role in Foreign Relations. We
have a close alliance with Britain and many other countries. Most
importantly, we have a society in which, like Hamilton himself, the
little man can make himself whatever he pursues in life. In short, we
are a global superpower. All of these were the foresights, ideas and
brainchildren of the great Alexander Hamilton, without whom we would
not know the privileges our society has to offer. In conclusion, when
the grand picture of history is taken into consideration, Hamilton is
responsible for some of the most fundamental, progressive Ideals and
Institutions that have made America the worldwide powerhouse that it
is. Where some people provided a newborn America with words and
principles, Mr. Hamilton gave it practicable ideas, institutions, and
a forward-thinking attitude that prompted it into the actions that
made it what is is today. And as they say, actions speak louder than
words.
[Posted by coachorman at 2014-01-09T10:35:56+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

I think Alexander Hamilton was a better match for America because he
wanted the United States to be deeply involved with world trade. This
would really benefit us because it would give us access to goods we
can’t make or don’t have. It could also make a more beneficial
relationship with other countries and we could become allies with them
if it is necessary. Hamilton wanted us to become a manufacturing
powerhouse. If we started manufacturing things it would mean more job
opportunities for people. It could also give us more wealth because if
we make a chair out of wood, it would be worth more than if we just
sold the wood and we could use the money from the chair to buy
something that isn't normally in the US such as coffee. Hamilton
believed that individual liberties should be limited. I agree with
this because a lot of people can take advantage of them even though
that isn't what they mean. For example, freedom of speech, if someone
says something really offensive and rude they will use freedom of
speech as an excuse. What freedom of speech means, is that if you say
something, the government can’t throw you in jail for it unless it’s
something like confessing to murder. People think it means that you
can say whatever you want and people can’t get mad at you but that’s
not what it is. I don’t think that he meant getting rid of them or
removing some, I think he meant changing it so things like that don’t
happen.
[Posted by EricaM at 2014-01-12T16:09:51+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I like how you mentioned how manufacturing could benefit the economy.
	I also like your point about freedom of speech. The first amendment
	protects you from the government persecuting you for what you say, not
	your employer or anyone else.
	[Posted by CarrieL at 2014-01-13T06:08:34+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I also agree on the term of limited individual liberties. A man
	cannot commit murder to someone, and then say it is his individual
	right. We must have boundaries. Otherwise, this country would be
	dangerous and unstable.
	[Posted by Hunteray09 at 2014-01-16T18:24:44+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Although Alexander Hamilton wasn't a president, he saw the problems
with our country and decided to fix them. Before, we has the Articles
Of Confederation (junk), no national bank, and a poor economy. The
A.O.C. was laughably unstable, weak in other countries eyes, and
looked like it would surely collapse system of government. Alexander
Hamilton realized this so he got together with people to create what
is now known as the United States Constitution. If National Government
was to collect taxes, pay employees and vendors, issue currency, etc.,
it required a bank big enough to handle the volume. Hamilton advocated
a loose interpretation of the Constitution and by doing so
strengthened the U.S. economy and gave us a national bank. In
conclusion, we owe Alexander Hamilton a massive thank you because of
his visions of a strong economy, our country was forged with a stable
platform that evolved into the strongest economy of the world.
[Posted by Katiao at 2014-01-12T18:11:10+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

I think Alexander Hamilton had the more enduring vision of the United
States. At first, I chose Thomas Jefferson, because he appeared to be
a good man. Then I found he had done certain things that I had not
known about. First, he stated that all men and women were created
equal, but he owned slaves that he treated badly. That clearly shows
that he didn't think African American men and women were created
equal. On the other hand, Alexander Hamilton grew up very poor, but he
ended up be very wealthy. In the beginning, he did not trust the
people and he turned his back on the poor. Eventually, he protected
the common man or known as the little man and he even supported black
slaves, while jefferson owned slaves and treated them badly. When it
came to economics, Alexander Hamilton was wise. He knew everything
about economics, and wanted to open a national bank and lead the
government in the right way. Thomas Jefferson followed the
constitution very strictly. Thomas Jefferson was very agricultual
minded, he always thought that people should live off the land, but if
you think about it that wouldn't really work. Many people would not
agree with that, they would probably want to do other things with
their lives. Think about it you wake up and go out to the fields,
plant/remove crops, go to school, come back home, do your homework and
go to bed. Its just the same process over and over again, and this
would make some people very unhappy. Alexander Hamilton seemed like a
peoples person. He wanted to have trust and relations with other
countries, so he always had some sort of debt in order to have trust
in other countries. But enough with the economics, lets move onto the
constitution. Hamilton always preferred a loose interpretation of the
constitution, which is a good thing. Lets say people don't like a law
or they want to add a law, they could then add a law or remove a law
with votes making the constitution less strict. Basically, Hamilton
was better at economics, better at talking to people, and treated
people fairly. In my opinion, Alexander Hamilton had a better and more
enduring vision on America than Thomas Jefferson did.
[Posted by TylerO at 2014-01-12T19:04:32+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Look at America today. It wouldn't be the country it is without
Alexander Hamilton. His actions and ideas about creating a balanced
economy, a National Bank, and a strong central government with a loose
interpretation of the Constitution still influence the American
government and economy. Hamilton supported the vision of a balanced
economy in the United States. He wanted government support to go to
agriculture, trade, finance, and manufacturing. With many different
ways to support the economy, if one industry fails, the whole economy
doesn't crash. Trade made up a large part of several northern states'
economies, such as New York. In the southern states, agriculture
played a large role in the economy. To make the overall economy of the
United States work, all of the states' economies have to flourish.
Alexander Hamilton understood that and worked to make that economy
become a reality. It is because of Hamilton's vision that the American
economy is invested in multiple industries to make a balanced and
stable financial foundation. The creation of a National Bank was
another idea in which Hamilton strongly believed. He argued that it
would improve the nations credit and solve some of the financial
problems. The bank could lend money to the government, so it could
afford to start programs, such as the National Bank itself. However,
this was not just an idea. Unlike other politicians, Hamilton found a
way to see his ideas turn into reality. He persuaded Congress to
establish a National Bank which helped grow and played a large role in
the American economy. This is proven by the mayhem that ensued after
Thomas Jefferson canceled the bank while he was President of the
United States. The National Bank affected today's America by helping
to set up an economy that can last over two hundred years. Also,
Hamilton wanted a strong national government that interpreted the
Constitution loosely. The Articles of Confederation was a weak central
government and obviously didn't work. The United States needed a
stronger national government to unite the states and function
properly. Alexander Hamilton noticed this and took actions to make a
strong, functioning federal government. The government he envisioned
and helped create is still in affect today. Hamilton believed that the
government would function best with a loose interpretation of the
Constitution. Not every detail of what the government can and cannot
do and how the country is supposed to be governed can be included in
the Constitution, so there needs to be room for interpretation. As
time goes on and the American world around the Constitution change,
the Constitution needs to be interpreted through those circumstances
that would not have been envisioned while writing the Constitution.
Loose interpretation of the Constitution also provided the United
States with opportunities that it would not have had otherwise. Even
Thomas Jefferson's Louisiana Purchase which added a very large amount
of land to the United States would not have been possible if Hamilton
had not pushed for a loose interpretation of the Constitution.
Alexander Hamilton's vision of the United States economy and
government still continue to shape todays society.
[Posted by Claire_W at 2014-01-12T19:11:25+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	As for the loose interpretation of the constitution, I do not agree
	with your statement that as times change the constitution should be
	interpreted differently. The constitution was created to keep this
	country great, changing the constitution only weakens our government
	and opens us up to failure that we have thus far avoided. Rules are
	rules, you can't pick and choose which ones to follow.
	[Posted by CaseyS at 2014-01-12T20:44:02+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

	i agree with Claire, america wouldnt be were it was today if it wasnt
	for Hamilton. He had a strong view on how he wanted america to be. He
	established the national bank which we need for a back up or full
	support for our money and favored and founded our highest level of
	protection which is our military.
	[Posted by DaraB at 2014-01-12T21:31:12+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	America wouldn't be were it is today if Alexander Hamilton didn't
	create and have more accurate results of the country
	[Posted by Gabbychuba at 2014-01-13T01:36:13+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

A legacy is what a person leaves behind for future generations to
have. It is hard to decide between two great men , Thomas Jefferson
and Alexander Hamilton, which one had left the greater legacy. I
support Alexander Hamilton because of his mind and economy. His idea
of a strong country is that they have a strong business relationship
and allies with around the world. Alex educating men and women to be
successful. The economy would have to depend on agriculture, trade,
and finance. He also wanted a national bank which would increase our
relationship with other countries and unlike Jefferson he didn’t
believe in slavery. Thomas Jefferson had about 200 slaves. People may
disagree to his restrictions to freedom of speech but I agree that you
if you don’t have anything good to say don’t open your mouth. He
believes that you should be respectful with your words because speech
can cause a big conflict, but actions speak louder than words and he
fought to be a free individual country from Britain by participating
in the war. Taxing is important to support a federal army and is
greatly needed and spread throughout the country. We need a federal
army to protect ourselves in case of war and corruption. A bunch of
minute men and militias aren’t going to be enough. It was proven by
Shay’s rebellion and if our army/navy can’t defend us in a rebellion
how are they supposed to defend us in a war. That’s also why taxing is
important, to feed and supply our troops. Alexander has left behind
the biggest legacy because we support it the most. Our economy
continues to grow because of him and his actions.
[Posted by PatrickB at 2014-01-12T20:03:41+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

I feel uneasy choosing between these two men. Both of their ideas and
opinions are still seen today. I cannot just decide which one affected
America more, because they were both extremists in the way they were
polar opposites. Anything Jefferson thought, Hamilton thought
different. Jefferson was for the little guy, the farmers and the
“common man.” Hamilton was more towards an industrialized society and
a balanced economy, although he felt very strongly that poor people
were incompetent and the wealthy and powerful should rule our country.
Of course, I am supposed to make it clear whose side I am on. It’s not
that easy, considering there really are no “sides.” The question is,
“Who had the more enduring vision of the United States? Hamilton or
Jefferson?” Not, “Whose political opinions do you more closely relate
to, Hamilton or Jefferson?” If you look around today, you can see
these two men in every part of America. Hamilton’s wish for a strong
central government is in place; meanwhile, Jefferson’s want for a more
Democratic Government is also shown (although, a slight correction:
America is a republic, or a representative democracy, not a direct
democracy where majority rules). Some things, like the strict/loose
interpretation of the constitution are pretty questionable in today’s
age. In Hamilton’s vision, today economy is based off of a mix of
agriculture, trade, finance and manufacturing, not limiting to a
rural, farm-based society like Jefferson wished for. Some things are
still being decided today with difference in political opinions. For
example, should the government give aid to support means of work such
as listed above? This question has not been answered definitely; the
debate dating back over a hundred years ago is still going on today.
The question, “Who had the more enduring vision of the United States?”
is unanswerable. Both men were extremists in their own opinions,
completely opposite of each other. When Hamilton strayed too far,
Jefferson pulled back. When Jefferson got carried away Hamilton’s
views balanced it out. The two men pushing against each other to
establish their own idea in the foundation of the U.S is what created
this society and country. Both of their visions for America endured
these long years in their own ways. Personally, if I absolutely had to
choose who would govern this country it would be Hamilton, because of
his realistic approach to what our country needs, instead of
Jefferson’s more idealistic ideas that don’t always fold out in real
life how they’re supposed to, even though they sound good on paper.
[Posted by CaseyS at 2014-01-12T20:32:17+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I agree with this. Both men have their respective upsides and
	downsides but in the end, Hamilton wins only because of his "realistic
	approach to what our country needs." Good essay.
	[Posted by aidanmawrice at 2014-01-12T21:10:22+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	your essay really went deep into the topic and stated basically
	everything you needed and more!
	[Posted by Gabbychuba at 2014-01-13T01:32:56+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

If you actually look at America, it's slowly corrupting. This was not
Hamilton not Jefferson's vision of what America would be. Even though
these two men were very different they were very much alike, they both
envisioned a strong, new country. Now, the big question is who had the
more eduring vision of America. Even though Jefferson was a great man
and president I believe Alexander Hamilton had the better vision. He
had set this country up for success. First, he wanted a modern
economy, something like we have today. He planned for it to be a very
strong economy based on fianance, trade, manufacturing and
agriculture. He had made the manufacturing business a success and
thought a bit outside the box. Jefferson relied on agriculture only
for the economy. What if there was bad weather? This means they
couldn't grow and harvest their crops for quite awhile. His economy
idea wasn't strong and would not last, just like the Articles of
Confederation. Alexander Hamilton was also against slavery, he had
pretty much single handedly stopped slavery in New York and in New
Jersey. Unlike Jefferson, he had over 100 slaves and he was not a nice
master. He clearly did not live up to his words "all men are created
equal." He had only let 9 of his slaves free, all with the same last
name. This doesn't show the leader that people say he is. Now I know
that Jefferson is part of the reason on why I have my freedom but I
see that Hamilton had a brighter vision on the country.
[Posted by Savannahmc at 2014-01-12T22:04:03+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Zachariah Vieth Coach Gorman 7th period The United States of America
is a country full of immigrants who came here to start a new life that
gave them more freedom, and to help them become more successful. The
America that we live in today wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for
Alexander Hamilton. He took America and formed it into the country we
see today. He believed that the wealthy and educated should run the
country instead of common people, he favored a strong central
government and a national bank, he didn’t believe in slavery, and he
wanted a strong military. Alexander Hamilton noticed that the Articles
of Confederation lacked a strong central government. Unlike Thomas
Jefferson, Alexander Hamilton favored a strong central government
instead of a strong state government. Shays Rebellion is an example as
to why a strong central government is needed. Having a strong state
government is bad because the majority of the power is in the states
allowing them to do things such as create their own money, have their
own banks, and tax out of state residents. A strong state government
can also affect our military by not choosing to send troops for a
federal cause. Having a strong central government is better because it
gives you a national bank, you have a stronger military, and it makes
the government run more efficiently. People say that Thomas Jefferson
believed that everyone is equal, but he was the owner of a couple
hundred slaves. Alexander Hamilton, an abolitionist, truly believed
that everyone is equal because he believed in a government that
protected the civil rights of all citizens. He also stood up for
farmers and slaves. Alexander Hamilton also favored a loose
interpretation of the constitution, while Thomas Jefferson favored a
strict interpretation of the constitution. A loose interpretation of
the constitution means that government can act relatively freely as
long as the Constitution does not explicitly prohibit an action, and a
strict interpretation of the constitution means that the Constitution
must explicitly grant a power or privilege in order for the action to
be legal. When Thomas Jefferson became president he was a hypocrite
because he didn’t follow the strict interpretation and instead changed
his views on it. Finally, I would like to say that if it wasn’t for
Alexander Hamilton the country would have never been as it is today.
[Posted by zachv at 2014-01-12T23:16:58+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

It was very difficult to decide who left a more enduring vision, but
I have to choose Alexander Hamilton. Even though Thomas Jefferson was
a great man and did many good things for the United States, Hamilton
did, in my opinion, leave the greater impact. Even though Jefferson
was a great man who also did many good things, he envisioned a less
modern government with more agriculture and less manufacturing, while
Hamilton thought the complete opposite. He still knew that farming was
needed but he thought manufacturing was also very important. And in
today's economy, Hamilton's thoughts on how things should be done is
for the most part how they are now. Hamilton went about making a Navy
and an Army, because he thought that our country should have a
stronger, more organized military force. Jefferson did not think the
same way, he did not want such a strong government, he fought against
having a navy. Jefferson had a vision for what the needs of the
country would be and a strong Military force was not one of them.
Jefferson cared more about religious freedoms and that all men are
created equal. Also he wrote that we all have certain rights that the
government can't take away from us, and everyone has individual
rights. Jefferson went against his own rule on that by owning slaves,
and he didn't treat them very well. Racism is a problem we live in
today, so he did not leave a very enduring vision with racism and
slavery. Alexander Hamilton favored a unified country, and wanted a
strong federal government for federal issues, he was apart of this
government later on. He had many ideas about commerce, and he was an
Abolitionist. Both of these men were very great and had a lot to do
with the United States, however I think that in todays society, we
live in Hamilton's country.
[Posted by ryleem at 2014-01-12T23:48:49+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

	I like how you put what both of them envisioned and how they went
	about doing so.
	[Posted by Gabbychuba at 2014-01-13T01:29:56+00:00 - Side: Thomas Jefferson]

First, I would like to state some backstory on the two subjects;
Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton. If we just take a second to
realize how and where each person was raised I think it’s obvious who
would win here. Alexander Hamilton has an amazing rags to riches story
that can really characterize himself. So let me provide you with a
little bit of a deeper understanding of Alexander Hamilton. Alexander
Hamilton was a Founding Father of the United States, chief of staff to
General Washington, one of the most influential interpreters and
promoters of the Constitution, the founder of the nation's financial
system, and the founder of the first American political party. As
Secretary of the Treasury, Hamilton was the primary man over the
economic policies of the George Washington administration, especially
the funding of the state debts by the Federal government, the
establishment of a national bank, a system of tariffs, and trade
relations with Britain. He became the leader of the Federalist Party,
created largely in support of his views, and was of course opposed by
the Democratic-Republican Party, led by Thomas Jefferson and James
Madison. Born out of wedlock and raised in the West Indies, Hamilton
was orphaned at about the age of 11. Recognized for his abilities and
talent, he was sponsored by people from his community to go to the
North American mainland for his education. He attended King's College,
in New York City. After the American Revolutionary War, Hamilton was
appointed to the Congress of the Confederation from New York. He
resigned to practice law and founded the Bank of New York. Now onto
the more important matter, the actual debate. I think Hamilton had
better ideas on what to do with the country, especially the economy.
Hamilton’s economic plan for the nation included establishing a
national bank, like that in Britain, to maintain public credit;
consolidating the states’ debts under the federal government; and
enacting protective tariffs and government subsidies to encourage
American manufactures. While Jefferson may have been the better choice
for equality, what’s the use of equality if the whole nation is in
poverty. Hamilton I think really focused on the economy; something
that is a huge problem today. Hamilton wanted to make America thrive
while still favoring some equality. Hamilton had a strong belief in
commercialism and a strong national economy. We learned in the debate
we watched that Hamilton was against slavery, something that became a
major issue, that eventually turned into America’s bloodiest battle.
We have to remember that Hamilton grew up either in or around a slave
plantation and saw first hand the harshness of slavery. Hamilton
favored equality and diversity, something that Jefferson ignored. We
learned in the debate that Jefferson; unlike Washington and other
slaveholders did NOT release his slaves upon death. Jefferson seems to
be the one favoring equality in this debate, but yet he had multiple
slaves. I don’t think this is what equality is. Back to the subject of
equality I will say however, that Hamilton wasn’t the best with this
topic. He wanted to raise voting qualifications and only let the rich
and well educated run the country. I think it’s obvious however that
both of these put into a better context are perfectly logical. Why
wouldn’t we give power to more educated people and make it so less
people could vote. I still think women should vote, but I think the
age minimum could and should be raised. By raising this limit it would
bring more logical and genuine votes for people in office. So
honestly, Hamilton could be considered to have a better view of
equality. What about the other topics we can talk about in this
debate? Well how about the government and other politics. Hamilton
favored a strong central government and wanted a national bank to
control the nation’s spendings. Jefferson however wanted a weak
central government and a strong state government. How can you have
control if the state has more power than the nation? Some think that
Jefferson had a strong and just view on what our government should be,
but I strongly disagree. I do want to point out one of Hamilton’s
flaws on his view of government before I move on. Hamilton wanted our
government to be modeled after the British system, which would be the
impractical system of monarchy. I will just for this, side with
Jefferson on his view for a more Democratic Government. Back to the
actual argument I would like to question why we should reduce the
number of Federal employees. Doing this not only slows down the job
the government holds, but makes it harder for the few employees to
even get the job done. Increasing the number of our Federal employees
can make it easier for the nation to solve our financial issues and
any other issues we may face. Increasing this number will make it
easier for America to survive in the world and become a larger and
more powerful world superpower. Onto the interpretations of the
Constitution I would again question Jefferson’s logic. Why would we
strictly follow a “guideline” and let it govern our lives. This brings
me to say what a huge hypocrite Jefferson is. He says that we should
not use national credit and put our nation into debt, but does this
exact thing during the Louisiana Purchase. He also goes on during his
Presidency to continue to disregard the Constitution and bypass his
own sayings in his actions. How is it possible that this man can do
this exact thing and have a better vision for the future of America.
Hamilton was true to his word and didn’t later do what he said we
shouldn’t do. The complexity of the Constitution was meant to be a
guideline for America to follow so we would not fall into a state of
anarchy and chaos. Hamilton believed in us having a strong military
branch to successfully defend against attacks and threats directed
towards the US. Jefferson wanted us to spend as little money possible
to fund a pitiful military nicknamed “mosquitoes” because they were
ineffective. By funding our military with the proper funds we can feel
safer to traverse just our own neighborhoods making us feel more free
to do as we please. Now since Hamilton wanted to have a strong federal
government, it would make sense for us to provide better funds for our
military. What about the national bank? As I had briefly mentioned
before, a national bank is a must. By using this system the nation can
have a safe place to store our money. Jefferson didn’t want this to
happen because he thought this would make us too much like the British
and we would end up having monarchy in the nation. This wasn’t the
plan, Hamilton simply wanted to model our own form of a national bank
off of Britain. By taking a few of the good ideas implemented in
Britain and smashing them together with a few of our own ideas we
could make ourselves a very safe and versatile bank system. Copying a
few good ideas from another country isn’t the same thing as trying to
be exactly like them. We can’t assume that this is what was going to
happen. Lastly, I would like to talk a little bit more about the
economy and whether helping the British or the French would be a good
idea. Plus individual liberties and who better modeled them. Would it
make sense to limit some of our individual liberties such as freedom
of speech. Although this may seem unjust and unfair, if we limit these
liberties for certain reasons some issues could be avoided. What about
the right of petition, this could be limited, not taken away but
limited. We could limit some other rights for again, logical reasons.
Hamilton wasn’t saying he was going to take away our individual
liberties, he just wanted to limit them. So what about helping the
French or the British fight? Even though we had just fought a war with
Britain I think helping the British could prove to be a rewarding
decision. Britain was the world superpower at the time and could prove
to greatly increase our chance to have the world’s best economy.
Britain could be a great trade partner with greater and more valuable
goods to be bought we could establish a magnificent trade system. Now
what would happen if we help the French, we just make the British hate
us more making it harder to become allies with a great nation. Now
closing up my argument I would just like to tighten some loose ends
about the view of economy. Jefferson believing in a more rural America
wanted our economy to be based solely on agriculture and not to
participate in trade and manufacture goods. We live in Hamilton’s
America, our economy is exactly what Hamilton wanted it to be. Without
the ideas of Hamilton we would all be farmers, New York would be
entirely country and we wouldn’t have the kind of technology we have
discovered today. Now some still say that Jefferson still provided
better views on equality, but as I had mentioned before he owned at
least 100 slaves and only released 9 all with the same last name. I
shouldn't say Hamilton had a better view on our personal rights, but
he had a logical and strong vision for America. He wanted us to be
able to thrive in the world and use national credit. He created the
New York Stock Exchange and helped establish the New York that we know
today. He wanted the economy to be built off of the inventions of man
and for innovation and creativity to be a part of our lives. We can’t
say that we live in Jefferson’s America because we aren’t all farmers,
we have invented machine after machine, and we always are thinking of
ways to improve the industrial business, but where would that leave us
if Hamilton didn’t give us these ideas. Would we still live in this
modern, urban world we live in? Would America even be a name that
meant something. I believe that we have plenty of things today because
of Hamilton’s vision for America. Without the thriving economy he
established for us we may have been in huge debt earlier, with a worse
outcome. This is why I think Hamilton left a more enduring vision for
America. Citations: 1. http://teachinghistory.org/ history-
content/ask-a-historian/24094 2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/
Alexander_Hamilton 3. http://www.shmoop.com/thomas-jefferson/ vs-
alexander-hamilton.html 4. American Vision Dating Game Packet 5.
http://www.c-spanvideo.org/program/ Hamiltonv
[Posted by ASevernak at 2014-01-12T19:05:04+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

I believe that Alexander Hamilton had the more enduring vision of the
United States of America. He wanted a more industrialised economy, he
wanted to establish a stronger financial position, and Hamilton wanted
to free slaves. While Hamilton certainly did some things right, they
aren’t as relevant in today’s society and most of the ones that are
relevant were made possible because of Hamilton. While Thomas
Jefferson wanted a mainly agricultural economy, Hamilton wanted to
have a more modern economy. He wanted some agriculture, but he also
wanted to have plenty of focus on trading and manufacturing at the
same time. The agricultural economy would lead to less money and less
impact, and, Alexander’s vision of an economy is clearly more
enduring, as his economy is more relevant today. Alexander also wanted
to establish a stronger financial system for the U.S.A. He wanted to
use small debts with other countries to establish credit, to show that
they are trustworthy. He wanted to set up a national bank, making it
more convenient, and more efficient than smaller ones. On the other
hand, Jefferson, wanted to pay off debts and not make new ones, while
viable, isn’t as good considering it doesn’t help build relationships
with other countries. And Jefferson also opposed a national bank, and
at the same time opposed cities, calling them breeding pools of crime.
It’s obvious who was more relevant. Hamilton was a strong abolitionist
and wanted to free slaves. Jefferson was a racist and while saying he
was for equal rights for all men, clearly wasn’t. Alexander was a
radical in his society. He believed that african americans could not
only be free, but be equal in life. In today’s society, he would be
considered a normal, however those thoughts were considered to be
crazy back then. George Washington and James Madison who while having
slaves, freed them on their deaths, Jefferson didn’t and Hamilton may
or may not have owned slaves, it is not clear. In conclusion, I
believe that even though Jefferson did have a major impact, and a
lasting vision of america, Hamilton’s was more enduring, and was the
superior vision. His ideals were more relevant to today’s society,
showing that he shaped it more with his ideas, proving their
endurance.
[Posted by PhilipKang at 2014-01-12T20:13:34+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

I find it very hard to pick either of these men on which had better
ideals, simply because they balanced each other out with their ideals,
Hamilton with a better economy and Jefferson with better execution and
social presence in my opinion. Whether either had better ideals wasn't
the question though, it is who had the more enduring vision of the
United States. Both men were extremists and very different, pretty
much polar opposites in their views. Jefferson liked the common man,
and socialized with them. He liked farmers, and wanted state
government rather than central and wanted the United States to be
rather rural than have cities in it. Hamilton was different, he saw
the poor as incompetent and unfit to run the city, despite being a
self made man and poor when young. Hamilton wanted industrial cities
and a central government, like a modern day democrat. I think that the
question "Who had the more enduring vision of the United States?" goes
to Hamilton, because it is his economy that is in effect today (and
although it isn't quite working well right now) it did back then and
has been for all of this time. Hamilton's views were more logical and
futuristic, despite him feeling that way about the common man. If his
views on industrialism and his economy weren't implemented the America
we have today would in no way be the same. It would have a worse
economy, and it would be rural. This isn't to say that Thomas
Jefferson isn't smart, I mean he wrote the Declaration of Independence
and made the Louisiana Purchase, it's just that Hamilton left a way
more enduring vision of the United States.
[Posted by aidanmawrice at 2014-01-12T21:49:06+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

When people think of America today, they think of freedom,
opportunities, and innovations. What they forget is with freedom comes
great responsibility. I think Alexander Hamilton’s vision of America
corresponds with what America is now. Hamilton envisioned a country
with a strong economy, modernistic and a strong army, which America is
currently known for. Due to his ideas and vision, America has a strong
central government and is a world superpower. Hamilton was George
Washington’s former military aid. He designed the Treasury Department
and the disbursing of public revenue, and promoted the economic
development of the country. He wanted a balanced economy based on
agriculture, trade, finance, and manufacturing which is what America
is now. America is diverse, vicissitudinous and is always innovating
cutting edge technology. These are traits that were highly favored by
Hamilton. On the other hand, if we lived in Thomas Jefferson’s world,
we would live in a country with agriculture as its backbone, and the
great country we currently live in would be a socialistic country.
Socialism involves an economic system in which the means of
distribution and exchange are owned by the community collectively,
usually through the state. However, currently we are living under
capitalism- Hamilton’s vision of modern economy. Due to Hamilton’s
vision we live in a country where all men are equal. He lived by
example - he did not just talk about believing in equality, he was an
abolitionist who helped end slavery in New York, and New Jersey.
Hamilton was not a hypocrite who talked about all men being equal, but
then owning a bunch of slaves. Hamilton’s vision of a modern economy
helped reduce the need for more slaves, who mainly worked on the
plantations because there were not machines to help in agriculture
especially on the farms. Hamilton’s vision led to the Industrial
Revolution and the manufacturing of goods, which in turn helped with
innovations. These innovations created easier ways to plant and
harvest crops making slaves unnecessary. Unfortunately, Hamilton’s
contributions were mostly unnoticed, with most of the credit going to
Thomas Jefferson. They were both great men with great ideas. Jefferson
and Hamilton were like the sun and moon, sea and land. It was not
their purpose to become each other, it was to recognize each other, to
learn to see the other, and honor the individual accomplishments. They
were each other’s opposites and compliments.
[Posted by jemk at 2014-01-12T22:48:34+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

I am uncomfortable trying to choose between these two men who, where
both great in their own ways. If you look around you today you will
see Hamilton’s ideas for economy and strong central government, then
if you look somewhere else you see Jefferson’s ideas on a Democratic
government. They both balanced each other out in a way. If Hamilton
wanted an industrialized America then Jefferson wanted a rural
America. I’m not stating that they chose to be just opposites of each
other but, I find it hard to compare to extremes of every problem. Now
the question is “Who had the more enduring vision of the United
States? Hamilton or Jefferson?” Which can basically be loosely
rephrased to “Do you want to be an extremist on this side or the other
side?” In both their ideas and views you find great ideas and
suggestions to how America should be, but I’ve found somewhere in the
middle is where America needs to be. For example Hamilton wanted a
VERY strong federal government while Jefferson wanted a loose one that
only really mattered or even did anything in times of trouble and the
state governments would run themselves in times of peace. But based on
history from that time Hamilton’s strong government federal government
is the reason we broke away from England. While Jefferson’s views on a
VERY strong state government was obviously proved a terrible idea in
the Articles of Confederation. The one reoccurring thought I’m having
while writing this is a thing that a coach always says to me, which is
“talk is nothing, you can say you’re better or stronger than anyone
but it means nothing, what really means something is action, action is
what really matters.” I think this can directly apply to this debate
of who left the more enduring vision because while Jefferson had great
ideas of America, it was Hamilton who would put his own ideas into
action, not Jefferson. Jefferson would talk down about slavery and
still owned slaves, he literally wrote all men where created equal
onto one of America’s most famous documents yet he still thought
another race was below him. That’s why in the end I choose Alexander
Hamilton, not because he was smarter or had better ideas than
Jefferson. It is because Hamilton would directly put his ideas into
action because, he would personally see all his ideas through because
he wanted a more prosperous America.
[Posted by jonahott at 2014-01-13T01:58:12+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

If you think about the world we live in today as Americans, you will
notice that it is heavily dependent on the economy. Alexander Hamilton
envisioned this type of economy over 200 years ago. He persuaded
people to ratify the Constitution, and with the new type of
government, he wanted to create a new style of economy. When the
ratification of the Constitution was in progress, a few Federalists
wrote the Federalist Papers. One of these men was Hamilton. These
papers were a series of essays that were some of the most persuasive
documents ever written. They influenced many Anti-Federalists to
change their mind and ratify the Constitution. After the Constitution
was signed, Thomas Jefferson and Hamilton had different views about
what type of economy our nation should have. Jefferson wanted it to be
based on agriculture, and he wanted to have no debt as a country.
Hamilton, on the other hand, almost wanted the opposite of that. He
wanted a lot of factories to be built, but he did not want to
eliminate agriculture because he understood that both were important.
Hamilton also wanted to have some debt. This debt could be used to
build credit with other countries. He could owe a little bit of money,
and then pay it back so that he could get more money next time. Now,
think about our modern economy and compare it to the economy that
Hamilton envisioned. They are almost identical. Hamilton understood
what our country needed to be successful, and he took action on it. It
is obvious that Hamilton influenced the way our country grew.
[Posted by AndrewW at 2014-01-13T11:07:09+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

In my opinion Alexander Hamilton was better for our country in the
long run because he knew that an ongoing source of revenue would be
crucial to stabilizing the economy. He suggested that the federal
government should pay off all Confederation debts at full value. Such
action would dramatically enhance the legitimacy of the new central
government. To raise money to pay off the debts, Hamilton would issue
new securities bonds. Investors who had purchased these public
securities could make enormous profits when the time came for the
United States to pay off these new debts. He also proposed a national
bank, this would help stabilize the economy of America. The third
major area of Hamilton's economic plan aimed to make American
manufacturers self-sufficient. When Hamilton left office he had left
behind a more stable U.S. economy to back a strengthened federal
government. Alexander Hamilton wanted a strong central government
because he knew it would create a more stable and functional
government. He disliked state governments and believed that they
should be eliminated entirely. In fact, Hamilton believed that the
perfect union would be one in which there were no states at all. At
the same time, however, Hamilton realized that eliminating the states
was impossible, because there were too many other Americans who
favored the rights of the states over a strong national government.
Hamilton drafted a proposal for a new national government that would
centralize power but still allow states to keep many of their
rights.He also believed that the new government should be divided into
three branches; the executive branch, the legislative congress, and
the judiciary branch. Hamilton thought that dividing the government
into three segments would provide checks and balances to prevent any
one branch from becoming too powerful, and Hamilton also believed that
by working together, the three different branches could centralize
their power over the states. The executive of the government would be
the President of the United States, and would be elected by a system
of electoral colleges to serve a life term. Hamilton thought that by
limiting the time they were in office they would not get very much
accomplished and they would spent more time thinking about reelection
rather than what is good for the nation. Clearly, Hamilton's system
closely mirrored the British system of government, but it also closely
resembles the form of government that the delegates in Philadelphia
eventually agreed upon. Hamilton rushed home to New York to begin his
campaign to convince the people of New York to ratify the
Constitution. This was very difficult because many state leaders and
citizens feared that a strong national government would violate the
freedom they had recently won from Great Britain. New Yorkers were
essentially convinced that any new and stronger national government
would eliminate their liberty. To combat the Anti-Federalists in his
home state, Hamilton decided to write a series of essays to convince
the people that the Constitution was essential to their liberty.
Hamilton enlisted John Jay and James Madison to assist him in writing
the essays, which were eventually published as pamphlets and magazine
articles throughout the United States. On the average, four essays
were published each week, and these became collectively known as the
Federalist Papers. Historians do not know exactly how many essays
Hamilton wrote, but it is believed that he wrote fifty-two on his own,
and may have assisted in writing at least fifteen others.
[Posted by AbbeyE at 2014-01-13T16:00:52+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

I am going to have to pick Alexander Hamilton. I just liked is
enduring vision of the United States more.
[Posted by whatisright at 2014-01-13T16:40:15+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

Grady Moyer 6th Period Gorman I believe Alexander Hamilton had a more
enduring vision of the United States of America, not only because Mr.
Alex is better, butt because I think Mr. Tom is worse. About January
the eleventh 1755, Alexander Hamilton was born, early into his life he
was already at the very bottom, a poor, rejected bastard, with nowhere
to go but up. Alexander Hamilton was setting himself up for a first
rate view of how to live the American dream. He was born ill-
legitimately, so the church denied him schooling and membership. His
school was the 42 books his family owned, which included Greek and
Roman. Evan at such a young age "Alex" strove for the best and yearned
for an education. At around 10 after his father had abandoned him and
his mother imprisoned for adultery, Alex worked for his mother at her
store, as clerk and bookkeeper. This gave him and early first-hand
experience of finance and the value of money. Later on he also came to
have a job as a clerk with the international trading firm of Nicholas
Cruger, through his time as a clerk, Alexander Hamilton was fighting
his way up the ladder. His community saw his potential and sent him to
North America to give him a good education. He began to attend kings
college, and was just in time to witness rebellion and the Boston tea
party. He searched around and did some research, and decided that
Americas cause was justified, despite the loyalist school he attended.
He then proceeded to publish his first writing, A Full Vindication of
the Measures of Congress, speaking of the reasoning for the
continental congress Mr. Hamilton was carefully choosing which side he
was on after "fact searching". His current impact is about nothing,
but it was all put to a good use, as his past became a big part of his
future, and future reasoning. Mr. Hamilton was then involved in the
revolutionary war, and at the start of the war, organized an weapons
company and was chosen as its "captain". After the war he was selected
for the Congress of the Confederation, he resigned to found The Bank
of New York. He strongly disliked the articles of confederation
because they had no executive, court, and taxing powers. As the
secretary of the treasury, during 1790 and 1791, he put a revenue
system based on customs duties and excise taxes. Hamilton's attack on
the debt helped secure the confidence and respect of foreign nations.
He also introduced plans for the First Bank of the United States,
which was designed to be the financial agent of the Treasury
Department. The Bank served as a depository for public funds and
assisted the Government in its financial transactions. The First Bank
issued paper currency, used to pay taxes and debts owed to the Federal
Government, the dollar bill. He also designed the mint, but lost a
debate to Thomas Jefferson, so the mints went to a federal level. Over
the course of a lifetime one man was able to bring a country a strong
navy and army, a tax system, a debt solution, a national bank, the
mint, a canal system, and a sound operating system for the treasury.
He also took a stand against slavery, freedom, and tyranny, supported
a diverse economy, and spread its popularity. (But not only that, he
created the swagest political party ever, the Republicans!) That is
why I believe Alexander Hamilton left a more enduring vision of
America. Sources: http://www.earlyamerica.com/review/2011 winter
spring/hamilton-and-slavery.html
http://www.let.rug.nl/usa/biographies/ alexander-hamilton/ new-shore-
tides-of-war-(1773- 1777).php http://www.treasury.gov/about/history/
Pages/ahamilton.aspx http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ Alexander_Hamilton
[Posted by Grady at 2014-01-13T21:54:32+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

This is a tough fission though both sides have a love to see America
grow and prospure unfortunately there can only be one winner for
Americas heart! I believe that Hamilton had great business ethics and
knows how to handle the situations dealing with money and economics.
Jefferson however thought more with the heart then brain granted he
was a smart man as well. I chose Hamilton not only for his business
sense but he knew how to give a strong economy to America . Hamilton
growing up he was a poor boy until his father wanted to be in his life
sending him to the best schools, but one thing that I like that
Jefferson had was never forgetting where he came from Hamilton turned
his back on the poor but Jefferson never forgot what his parents
taught him about being kind, noble, and selfless it was tees thoughts
he had as he wrote "all men are created equal" which I found a little
ironic after heating that Jefferson was a slave owner owning 600+
slaves and only freed 2 men personally gave freedom to 5 men in his
will and allowed to unofficially free 3 slaves by let them run away
without Pursuit . More than 600+ slaves and only freeing 10, 3 which
ran away! Hamilton was active in opposing slavery when he was growing
up his mother past away and left him and his brother two slaves they
turned them down, this is jut one of the many Actions of refusing
slavery that would soon come. Hamilton was a federalist which means he
believed that trading and manufacturing is what would bring us
progress in this would while Jefferson who was a republican believed
in agriculture interest and values as a way to progress in this world
he opposed of the national bank.
[Posted by SloanT1 at 2014-01-19T17:40:49+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

There is two great people that have contributed to our country
greatly. They created things in place that if we didn't have our
country would fall apart. Don't get me wrong I like Jefferson but
Hamilton in the long run gave us the best. Hamilton hated poor people
and the French. He wanted our government to be formed like the
British.
[Posted by Grantw at 2014-01-29T09:52:02+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

I believe Alexander Hamilton has a stronger hold of america and is a
better choice for us. He has a strong economic view and favored a
unified country. We live in Alexanders country now, he created America
to what it is today. Alexander Hamilton helped abolish slavery in
America. Thomas Jefferson happened to own several slaves and treated
them badly. Hamilton helped found the military while Jefferson was
against the military but the military is our highest level of
protection and we need that. I believe Thomas was against the idea of
a strong healthy government and most of Hamiltons ideas. Hamilton
opposed the federal government but fought for it and soon became there
president. Hamilton wanted america to be equal in farming and
manufacturing. Jefferson wanted us to be a rural country but we
wouldn't be were we are today if we went on his path because we would
have gotten no were. Hamilton brought protection to america and we
wouldn't have gotten that with TJ because he didn't believe in
military protection so we would have all died. Alexander Hamilton also
brought our first national bank as Thomas wanted nothing to do with
them and thought they were a bad idea for america. Hamilton brought
wealth and nations to america and helped draft the constitution as did
Thomas but he didnt live by his own words and thought other wise
towards america. Thomas did bring a lot to the table when it comes to
america yes but Hamilton treated and represents us better. Hamilton
brought finance to us and is allowing us to be independent and a free
country but with set limits that we absolutely need. Hamilton
represents america more opened minded to the constitution and the bill
of rights and other important documents and thats why i chose Hamilton
because we already live in his country and he is more of our founding
father.
[Posted by DaraB at 2014-01-12T21:26:45+00:00 - Side: Alexander Hamilton]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
