Title: Bront says if I run out of money in my old age, I should BEG for charity..
Posted by excon
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/Bront_says_if_I_run_out_of_money_in_my_old_age_I_should_BEG_for_charity

Comments:

I think that's a pretty pathetic way to treat our elders. From a
young age we should be taught not only to respect others but to
respect our elders; they have lived longer and have more experience
and it's quite valuable to learn from them. It's one thing to have a
safety net, it's quite another to find out what you were counting on
was going to be eaten away by the utterly insane cost of medical bills
and medicines, both expected and unexpected. You can always hold
things aside but you can't always know how much you need or what
surprises are in store. I think one of the saddest things in our
society is how we treat those who have lived life and are at an
advanced age. Tossed aside as if they are a problem no one wants to
deal with. If we all chipped in it wouldn't take much to help support
those who need it. But no, some people would whine about that 'maybe'
taking out their second bottle of wine for the week and how women
should be forced to give birth but screw the elderly who can be just
as helpless as a child. They don't always have someone they can live
with, they don't always have the ability to live a life on their own
and good God the cost of living in an elderly care facility that is
actually GOOD is more than most can afford, tacking on medical bills
very few who are middle class will ever be able to afford it.
[Posted by Mint_tea at 2017-06-26T17:51:02+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

	It is and you're right , It's actually shameful a country that spends
	trillions on armaments and the way it treats its elderly is appaling ,
	you hear about America being the land of the free etc,etc, it's all
	bullshit ; I've heard so called Christians on here absolutely losing
	it at the thought of some poor devil getting free medical care , " not
	on my dime buddy " . It's truly despicable really what defines a great
	nation is the way it treats its young , elderly and vulnerable . No
	country is perfect but getting old in the US would terrify me , here
	is what I said to Excon , America seems to be no country for old
	people , while my country is not utopia me and my wife are guaranteed
	state pensions when we reach that stage like the majority of citizens
	in this country and that's on top of any other pension one has ,
	everyone gets this including the rich . One gets free travel and
	reduced fuel bills and a free TV license on reaching pension age
	Citizens also get children's allowances for each child under 18 it's a
	140 a month each child . I've never paid into any medical plan I
	refuse too , my wife does and it costs a lot I've used state services
	which are free and it's not perfect but it works . I work now as a
	full time artist and I'm entitled to tax free status up to 90,000 euro
	that's a break to encourage artists to do what there best at . The
	country like most is not perfect but I would hate to have to pay for
	these things we see as rights .
	[Posted by Dermot at 2017-06-27T06:35:31+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

	If you take all the families who COULD SUPPORT THEIR PARENTS, but
	choose to allow the tax payers to do it, we would have very few people
	begging for charity! This is how it works, when our nation was not
	going bankrupt, and famiies understood they would have to help their
	parents out when they got older, people planned for these inevitable
	situations. Along came closet Socialist Democrats who needed to get
	Americans hooked on Government dependence rather than family
	dependence. Now families look for ways to have government support
	their parents in old age homes, by transfering their parents savings
	into their own accounts (a few years before needing an old age home)
	and thereby putting all the burden on tax payers to support the
	parents. You know this is true but as good little closet socialists,
	you like having others support those YOU SHOULD BE SUPPORTING. This
	way you can keep your parents savings for yourself. I will make a deal
	with you. I will support every old person who has no children to rely
	on, if you agree not to use tax payer money for all those old people
	who do have families to support them. I'm not talking about
	catastophic illness that might cost much more than a family can
	afford. I'm talking about families taking their parents in their homes
	rather than expecting tax payer funded old age homes. Government AS
	ALWAYS does a terrible job of keeping a budget and keeping costs down.
	Our nation is going bankrupt case you missed it. We can no longer
	afford giving everyone the free life. Many many people are basically
	selfish and will allow others to bare the burden of the old people
	rather than they themselves helping their parents. The problem with
	Progressives is that they want Government to be the ones supporting
	everybody. IT CAN NOT WORK! WE ARE GOING BANKRUPT! ALL THOSE OTHER
	SOCIALIST NATIONS ARE GOING BANKRUPT AS WELL! You call Conservatives
	uncaring people when the facts are that Conservtives are the truly
	compassionate people who would glady support their parents. The sick
	problem with the Left is that they have taken so much of our income to
	pay for all their bankrupt social programs, that families have a hard
	time saving money to support their parents. It's a viscious cycle.
	[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-26T20:20:13+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

		It's a myth that Republicans/Conservatives take care of their aging
		parents themselves and Democrats/Liberals would rather the state do
		it. https://www.agingcare.com/discussions/ democrat-versus-republican-
		views-on- nursing-homes-163637.htm Both polar opposites have some
		doing it themselves and some accepting services. But tells us,
		FromWithin, how many of you or your wife's parents live with you? My
		impression is you're old enough to have parents in need of care. Pony
		up. Who are you funding and taking care of at home?
		[Posted by Grenache at 2017-06-27T15:46:14+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

			I will waste a couple sentences to the site Alt Liberal. If
			Conservatives had a problem with supporting their parents, why would
			they keep fighting to stop the madness of Government debt spending on
			the elderly who have families to help? Ask yourself why we would want
			to cut our own throats if we are who you say we are? You will know a
			person by the policies they support. So far, our parents need no help,
			and you can bet we will have no problem helping them when the time
			comes, but then again, we are not socialist fools!
			[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-27T16:40:44+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

				Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh you're too much sometimes. "You will know a
				person by the policies they support." You tout the Republican Party,
				which has become the mouth of a slew of special interest groups
				including your own obsession of anti-abortion, and which came to
				office on the most extreme policy platform in the history of that
				party and of the USA itself. https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/19/
				opinion/ the-most-extreme-republican-platform-in- memory.html That's
				right. This is why we all know FromWithin in this site as an
				extremist.
				[Posted by Grenache at 2017-06-27T19:27:16+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

					You keep showing us why you are such an alt-Liberal. You actually
					believe the deception spewed by the NY Times. Why don't you try
					telling me what extreme policies Trump has. Everything he stands for
					is what every other American stood for 30 years ago. Do you mean he is
					not a mindless closet sociaist trying to tarnsform America? Yes, that
					is why I like him and why you hate him. That is why he won!!!!!!!! Get
					a brain.
					[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-27T23:24:55+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

						It doesn't need trust in NYT, all you need to do is compare the
						latest Republican platform with those in the days of Reagan or Bush
						and the point is fully supported.
						[Posted by Grenache at 2017-06-28T12:02:05+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

					Responding to your first mindless deception before editing it, you
					said the GOP supports special interest groups like white supremace,
					haters of Gay people, etc. etc. LET ME ONCE AGAIN SAY YOU ARE A
					MINDLESS FOOL! We listened to Hillary every speech talking about the
					Democrat's special interest LGBT groups. Big money and votes from
					their special interest groups. So tell me any speech a Republican has
					ever given, lifting up white supremace or anti Gay groups, or racist
					groups, etc. etc.? LET ME REPEAT, YOU ARE A FOOL! Keep deceiving
					people by piously judging Republicans as being deplorable,
					irredeemable, racists, haters of women and poor people, haters of the
					elederly, etc. etc. and wonder why you keep losing elections. LET ME
					FINALLY REPEAT, YOU FOOL!
					[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-27T23:35:02+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

						Ha. Republicans are in print and video all over the place saying
						outlandish and hateful things. https://www.dailykos.com/story/2010/10/
						26/913651/- You made three laps there in the ALL CAPS to blast the
						word fool at me and I don't think anyone on this site, even my
						enemies, think I am a "mindless fool." They may disagree with me,
						believe I'm going to hell, or label me in a way they think is
						suitable, but I'm not a fool. Foolish is declaring Republicans never
						give speeches saying things against minorities or women or LGBT, when
						it takes very little internet searching to turn up exactly that.
						[Posted by Grenache at 2017-06-28T11:59:54+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

							I'm still waiting for you to show me a Republican Congressmen or
							President lifting up special interest groups such as White Supremace
							in their speeches. Gee what a shock.... YOU ARE A FOOL! Do you know
							how many times Democrats have also made stupid racial comments over
							the years? Politicians making gaffes is nothing new. But as I knew,
							you had nothing to prove your mindless deceptive claims. So tell me,
							the fool you voted for.... Hillary Clinton.... called Trump supporters
							deplorable and irredeemable. Yo hae the nerve to bring up stupid
							gaffes by others? What's sick is that her's was not a gaffe. Liberals
							actually are the intolerant hatemongering fools who agree with her
							statement.
							[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-28T12:45:08+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

								So you ignore the fact the last link is a laundry list of Republicans
								putting their foot in their mouth. Fine. Let's take a look at
								Republican Congressman Steve King, shall we?
								http://www.desmoinesregister.com/story/ news/politics/2016/07/18/
								steve-king-creates-uproar-salute-to- contributions-of-white-
								people/87270220/ https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/
								archive/2017/03/ steve-king-nearer-the-throne/519336/
								http://www.newsweek.com/ steve-king-geert-wilders-birthright-us-
								constitution-dutch-election-567030 https://thinkprogress.org/ steve-
								king-stands-by-racist-claims- 59457bf800ba
								[Posted by Grenache at 2017-06-28T13:39:28+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

									No, lets ignore your biased cherry picked sites because you waste our
									time. For every stupid statement you find from Republicans, there are
									just as many from Democrats. Ignore
									[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-28T13:46:31+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

										You just surrendered. Thank you. Hey, when I'm giving 5
										documentations to your 0, and when my documentations include direct
										quotes from the people on your side I'm referring to, then there
										simply isn't any counter argument left.
										[Posted by Grenache at 2017-06-28T13:52:59+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

											You gave me NOTHING! I asked for examples where the GOP leadership
											has lifted up activist special interest groups such as the White
											Supremace groups you claimed. The Democrat Party uses even their
											National presidential convention to constantly speak to their special
											interest LGBT groups, etc. You have nothing but deceptive rhetoric as
											always. Bringing up stupid remarks by individual Politicians means
											nothing and is not what I asked for. Your silence proves my piont. The
											GOP is the Party of all Americans, not just special interest voting
											blocks.
											[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-28T15:21:45+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

												I keep piling them on and you keep ignoring while posting no counter
												evidence of your own. Here's Scalise... http://www.thedailybeast.com/
												no-3-republican-admits-talking-to-white- supremacist-conference
												[Posted by Grenache at 2017-06-28T15:28:29+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

													Is it time for nother ignore? You refuse to give me any proof whereby
													the GOP lifts up White Supremace groups in their speeches, in their
													conventions, etc. etc. Have I mentioned lately.... YOU TOTAL DECEPTIVE
													FOOL? Why don't we go back a few decades ago and bring upi Robert
													Bird, the Democrat KKK member? HE ACTUALLY JOINED THE HATE GROUP YOU
													FOOL! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ Robert_Byrd Does that make the
													Democrat party racists? I've wasted enough time... IGNORE
													[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-28T15:43:27+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

														Yes, Byrd was also an @sshole. But you see I'm able to say that. I'm
														not living in a dream world insisting one party never ever ever says
														or does anything wrong and the other is the devil. In fact I slam on
														the two party system and its phonies all the time. But not you.
														Because you have a party narrative in your head and your posts in here
														are drenched with it.
														[Posted by Grenache at 2017-06-28T15:54:29+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

															YOu fool liar. You just got done demonizing the entire Republican
															party for the actions of a few. I never see you doing that with the
															Democrat Party. Where was your outrage at trump's severed head? All
															the biased hate against trump, and you never say a thing. I am still
															waiting to hear you slam on this extremist Democrat Party because I
															have yet to see it, you complete deceptive fool. I hear you agree with
															the other leftists on this site. I hardly ever see you take them to
															task. You never miss a chance to demonize Trump, yet through all
															Hillry's corruption, you were mostly silent and then voted for her.
															IGNORE FOR THE FINAL TIME.
															[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-28T16:03:45+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

																Oh gee, the guy who says if you ever once voted for any Democrat
																anywhere then you support abortion with no restrictions whatsoever
																thinks I have unfairly criticized the whole party for what a few say
																and do. Well I feel really bad about that, uh huh.
																[Posted by Grenache at 2017-06-28T17:05:54+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

													Wait, I forgot to use your moderate debating technique. Scalise may
													have spoken at some White man's organization 15 years ago as he did at
													women's orgnizations, etc. etc. BUT Robert Byrd WAS A KKK MEMBER! See
													how that works? No matter how bad you say some Republicans are, there
													are Democrats even worse. Sorry, I can't bring myself into the gutter
													of Liberal debating 101. I have principles of honesty and integrity,
													not to find one bad apple and paint the entire barrel as being just
													like him. When i speak to Democrat inhumanity, it is not based on the
													actions of one of their cohorts, it is based on their entire Party's
													support for the inhumanity.
													[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-28T15:55:37+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

														Actually I agree there are some very bad Democrats. My position has
														always been that the two party system sucks and the people running
														both have fvcked this country up. That doesn't change the fact thought
														that policy wise the Republicans under Trump are in an all out assault
														on services in favor of making the rich richer.
														[Posted by Grenache at 2017-06-28T16:00:55+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

															ROFLOL, as always, the GOP are the bad guys no matter how extreme
															Democrats have become. YOU ARE LIBERAL TO THE CORE!
															[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-28T16:05:24+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

		If you take all the families who COULD SUPPORT THEIR PARENTS, but
		choose to allow the tax payers to do it, we would have very few people
		begging for charity! You are assuming those elderly have family who
		are still alive, you are assuming they have a close family connection,
		you are assuming their family is even good to their elders, and you
		are assuming they even CAN support them. But who cares about that
		right? That must not exist because you don't have that issue and by
		God you don't care what happens after the womb.
		[Posted by Mint_tea at 2017-06-26T20:27:20+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

			He sounds exactly like Ebenezer Scrooge who famously said " Are there
			no workhouses to provide for these " The creature calls itself a
			.....Christian 😳 What part of the teachings of Jesus teach his
			peculiar take on the words of Jesus ?
			[Posted by Dermot at 2017-06-27T06:44:39+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

				" Are there no workhouses to provide for these " Omg that's exactly
				it! I never caught that before. Only he wouldn't be disdainful of
				Christmas, he'd celebrate it with a side of the usual "there's a war
				on Christmas" rhetoric.
				[Posted by Mint_tea at 2017-06-27T12:06:29+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

					Yes , people like him are nasty narrow minded hypocrites who judge
					everyone less fortunate as non human and worthy of a hand up , people
					like him no doubt are seen as ' pillars ' of the local community where
					they preach one thing but practice another
					[Posted by Dermot at 2017-06-27T12:33:11+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

						I think the major difference is he thinks "hand up" means full and
						continuous support, all the time, every time. Supporting someone
						though a difficult time and giving them the means to eventually
						support themselves is what I want. I believe in the "give a man a fish
						and you feed him for a day, teach the man to fish and you feed him for
						life", saying. But I "think" he thinks it's either one or the other,
						for me there is a lot of gray in between. Yes there are people who
						will take advantage of it, but I think closing loopholes that allow
						that kind of dishonesty is better then removing all help completely.
						[Posted by Mint_tea at 2017-06-27T13:21:59+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

							I often wonder why the excuse is given that some people may abuse the
							system , that happens everywhere and always will so what ? Why punish
							decent people over the actions of the few .
							[Posted by Dermot at 2017-06-27T19:25:00+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

								I actually think that is a fallacy or at the very least a cop out.
								Basically "I don't want to put in the system because it takes away
								from me so I'm going to use a completely bogus (but true) reason to
								pull out of giving assistance to others, that way I'll feel better
								about myself at night." Kind of thing. Maybe I'm being too harsh. It
								could also be they see a few people taking advantage and assume
								everyone will, but that reeks of ignorance and quite frankly is a
								disservice to those who need the help and are only using it to get
								back on their feet.
								[Posted by Mint_tea at 2017-06-27T19:38:54+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

									It is a cop out , it's remarkable though that these self same people
									have developed so much hatred for anyone or anything that's different
									and someone see difference as anti American
									[Posted by Dermot at 2017-06-28T05:34:18+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

			Like I knew, you would never take any deal whereby Government is not
			your answer. Like all good leftists, you will deny and exucse away any
			argument against your big government control of our lives. Yes, most
			parents still have family alive, but if they don't, those are the ones
			I said I would support!!!!!!!!!! Do I need to ignore you already?
			[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-26T20:39:28+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

				Lol, you act like you ignoring me is some kind of punishment, ignore
				me if you want. I was bringing up points with family dynamics which
				can counterbalance your belief that enough family could support their
				parents, and all you brought is your usual rhetoric of Leftist
				malarkey. Not all elderly have close contact or communication with
				their family. Not all elderly have family still living. Not all
				elderly have family that can help cover or support the cost of a
				nursing home or caregiver needed for them including medications. Not
				all elderly has family that even gives a damn about them. But if you
				want to support them, great then you should have no problem with taxes
				to help the elderly.
				[Posted by Mint_tea at 2017-06-26T21:24:51+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

					You brought up a mindless response that went totally opposite to what
					I already told you. No ignorng you is not punishment. I figured if you
					are on a debate site you might want to debate rather than forcing
					people to ignore you for wasting our time. Maybe you might want to
					think about the importance of our broken homes that I keep talking
					about. Do you see how it works when parents abandon their children?
					They have no one to help them when they get old. People like you want
					us all to bail out these people who abandoned their children and now
					are having a hard time in their old age. What a shame, there is
					justice after all! You sure did not care much for those children being
					abandoned by these dead beat parents. Like I say with welfare, we
					should always provide food banks for people who are hungry. We should
					always provide a shelter for people with no place to live. When it
					comes to more than the basics, the quality of life will depend on the
					responsibility of the person his entire life.
					[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-27T00:12:55+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

						I brought up a response that went totally opposite to what you said.
						I don't know if you know this or not but that is called debating. I've
						already agreed that broken homes are part of the problem, but you
						can't get past the "part of the problem" part, you only focus on that
						as the sole problem. It's not "bailing out" to try to help someone,
						that you see it that way is very telling. Holding out a hand to assist
						the young mother who made a mistake, or trying to assist the elderly
						who don't have anyone to turn to is not the bad thing you want it to
						be and yes, it may cost a little out of pocket but no you'd rather
						that money going to build a wall than our own people. Don't act like
						you care about children after the womb, every time I've debated you on
						trying to further the education of those in poorer communities, you've
						done nothing but speak disdainfully of the parents and their kids and
						scoff at their situation with zero concern other than how it would
						affect you. There are times I enjoy debating you, but recently it's an
						automatic "Leftist this, Leftist that" nonsense; you've put words in
						my mouth enough times to be as deceitful as you accuse everyone else
						for being. Needless to say, we don't agree with each other, even if we
						partially agree on other topics.
						[Posted by Mint_tea at 2017-06-27T12:05:05+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

							I stopped reading when you ONCE AGAIN twisted what I said. I TOLD YOU
							I WOULD BE FINE HELPING OLDER PEOPLE WHO HAVE NO FAMILY TO HELP. What
							did you again say? You said and I quote.... "or trying to assist the
							elderly who don't have anyone to turn to" IGNORE!
							[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-27T13:44:04+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

								Ok then, tell me what I'm twisting. Genuinely I would like to know.
								See if you can do it without the usual "Leftist's are all to blame"
								rhetoric and actually tell me what exactly you are saying and what I
								got wrong. If you can do it in a calm and concise manner then yes,
								let's discuss. If not, continue ignoring.
								[Posted by Mint_tea at 2017-06-27T13:53:04+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

									Down voting instead of actually discussing. Figured you couldn't do
									it. ^_^ Moving on.
									[Posted by Mint_tea at 2017-06-27T14:25:07+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

	Mint i have to say those on the Left have a real short memory. At one
	point in the town hall, broadcast from the East Room by ABC news, a
	woman named Jane Sturm told the story of her 105-year-old mother, who,
	at 100, was told by an arrhythmia specialist that she was too old for
	a pacemaker. She ended up getting a second option, and the operation,
	for which Ms. Sturm credits her survival. "Look, the first thing for
	all of us to understand that is we actually have some -- some choices
	to make about how we want to deal with our own end-of-life care," Mr.
	Obama replied. After discussing ways "we as a culture and as a society
	[can start] to make better decisions within our own families and for
	ourselves," he continued that in general "at least we can let doctors
	know and your mom know that, you know what? Maybe this isn't going to
	help. Maybe you're better off not having the surgery, but taking the
	painkiller."
	[Posted by outlaw60 at 2017-06-27T22:49:50+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

		Good for her that she was able to get a pacemaker, I can understand a
		doctor being nervous about it, but she went forward and got one and
		was able to live longer. That's fantastic. But what does that have to
		do with what I've said?
		[Posted by Mint_tea at 2017-06-27T23:33:30+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

			Is that how Obama wanted to handle the aged in our country ? How did
			a Junior Senator know so much about the health of all America's people
			?
			[Posted by outlaw60 at 2017-06-27T23:41:39+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

				Obama isn't President anymore so I ask again, what does that have to
				do with my comment?
				[Posted by Mint_tea at 2017-06-28T00:10:40+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

					Is that how Obama would handle the aged in our country? Obama exposed
					himself did he not when it came to the aged in this country ? "Maybe
					you're better off not having the surgery, but taking the painkiller."
					Really is that the view of the Left when it comes to the aged in
					America ?
					[Posted by outlaw60 at 2017-06-28T00:26:33+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

						Yet again, Obama isn't our President. What does that have to do with
						my comment?
						[Posted by Mint_tea at 2017-06-28T12:01:53+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

Explain the logic here to us con. A person has several kids. They
bleed the system dry all of their life. They never provide a service.
They never put money into the system. They took from the rest of us
and never worked all of their life. Why does the system owe them
cancer treatment if they get cancer at age 82? Would I do something if
I had màgic powers to save them? Sure. But why should the system that
they were a parasite of? Now you as a veteran is a different issue all
together, but you didn't come at this debate from that angle.
[Posted by brontoraptor at 2017-06-26T16:48:12+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

	Hello bront: It's not about ME.. It's about the MILLIONS of people
	who will be DUMPED on the streets if you have your way.. Should they
	have worked harder? Should they have saved better? Should they have
	been born wealthy? I dunno, and I don't care.. I support a SAFETY NET
	who'll catch those people, and stop them from DYING ON THE STREET, NO
	MATTER what the reason for their plight..
	[Posted by excon at 2017-06-26T17:01:30+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

		Should they have worked harder? Should they have saved better Yes.
		But it's not that simple. Socialist countries and welfare states can't
		sustain their systems. They are in financial straights. That's just
		reality.
		[Posted by brontoraptor at 2017-06-26T19:46:02+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

			That's a deliberate lie I'm from a so called welfare state and even
			during the last recession we sustained welfare protections ; why do
			you constantly make things up ?
			[Posted by Dermot at 2017-06-26T20:07:45+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

				You are from the United States. I can see your location. You're an
				idiot.
				[Posted by brontoraptor at 2017-06-27T07:28:40+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

					That's shows what a fucking idiot you truly are , even the the
					stupidest person on CD knows where I'm from
					[Posted by Dermot at 2017-06-27T07:48:09+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

		Hello again, bront: Here's where I question your math skills...
		Unless you have a MILLION $$'s and you might, you'll wind up BROKE..
		You'll wind up depending on your fellowman.. That's the state of
		affairs for MOST people in this country, including LOTS of
		Republicans.. MOST people didn't save enough.. MOST people should have
		had better jobs.. MOST people should have been smarter.. Should they
		be PUNISHED for it?? WITHOUT Medicaid, MOST people will wind up ON THE
		STREETS.. Apparently you don't know that.. excon
		[Posted by excon at 2017-06-26T17:07:52+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

			America seems to be no country for old people , while my country is
			not utopia me and my wife are guaranteed state pensions when we reach
			that stage like the majority of citizens in this country and that's on
			top of any other pension one has , everyone gets this including the
			rich . One gets free travel and reduced fuel bills and a free TV
			license on reaching pension age Citizens also get children's
			allowances for each child under 18 it's a 140 a month each child .
			I've never paid into any medical plan I refuse too , my wife does and
			it costs a lot I've used state services which are free and it's not
			perfect but it works . I work now as a full time artist and I'm
			entitled to tax free status up to 90,000 euro that's a break to
			encourage artists to do what there best at . The country like most is
			not perfect but I would hate to have to pay for these things we see as
			rights .
			[Posted by Dermot at 2017-06-27T06:22:23+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

			STUPID you are clueless as to what you assume you know. Okay so
			working people that can't afford the high cost of Obiecare and your
			Black Helicopter false narrative is true then all the working people
			are going to lose their jobs and their homes without Medicaid ? TALK
			about a tinfoil hat conspiracy !!!!!!!!!!!! YOU own it Basement Boy
			!!!!
			[Posted by outlaw60 at 2017-06-27T20:53:21+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

Before we had the radical Left buying votes with tax payer money,
families used to take care of family. What a novel idea! Idiot
Liberals like Hillary Clinton came along and made statements
like...."it's takes a village to raise a child". NO, IT TAKES A MOTHER
AND FATHER WHO WON'T ABANDOM THEM! Progressives came along, and
decided that resdistributing one man's wages to another, would buy
votes. They used the rationale that it was compassionate to care for
the irresponsible. People might actually have some respect for a
person that was truly compassionate, but Progressives support no
restriction abortions of viable babies for any reason up to birth, so
therefore they have no true compassion for even our most innocent!
IT'S ALL POLITICS! It's called ushering in Socialism by getting the
people dependent on Big Government. Obama did a bang up job of adding
millions of people to food stamps even though he claimed our economy
was doing just fine.
[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-26T17:08:45+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

Well, you have to keep in mind Brontoraptor is a wealthy internet
entrepreneur legless Cherokee living on a reservation town in
Oklahoma. Whether or not that's part of THE 1 percent it's definitely
part of a 1 percent of SOMETHING, which can explain his divergent
views sometimes. He just isn't from the same world as the rest of us
commoners. The other thing is he probably really really likes the idea
of any of us having to beg.
[Posted by Grenache at 2017-06-26T18:02:07+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

If you take all the families who COULD SUPPORT THEIR PARENTS, but
choose to allow the tax payers to do it, we would have very few people
begging for charity! This is how it works, when our nation was not
going bankrupt, and famiies understood they would have to help their
parents out when they got older, people planned for these inevitable
situations. Along came closet Socialist Democrats who needed to get
Americans hooked on Government dependence rather than family
dependence. Now families look for ways to have government support
their parents in old age homes, by transfering their parents savings
into their own accounts (a few years before needing an old age home)
and thereby putting all the burden on tax payers to support the
parents. You know this is true but as good little closet socialists,
you like having others support those YOU SHOULD BE SUPPORTING. This
way you can keep your parents savings for yourself. I will make a deal
with you. I will support every old person who has no children to rely
on, if you agree not to use tax payer money for all those old people
who do have families to support them. I'm not talking about
catastophic illness that might cost much more than a family can
afford. I'm talking about families taking their parents in their homes
rather than expecting tax payer funded old age homes. Government AS
ALWAYS does a terrible job of keeping a budget and keeping costs down.
Our nation is going bankrupt case you missed it. We can no longer
afford giving everyone the free life. Many many people are basically
selfish and will allow others to bare the burden of the old people
rather than they themselves helping their parents. The problem with
Progressives is that they want Government to be the ones supporting
everybody. IT CAN NOT WORK! WE ARE GOING BANKRUPT! ALL THOSE OTHER
SOCIALIST NATIONS ARE GOING BANKRUPT AS WELL! You call Conservatives
uncaring people when the facts are that Conservtives are the truly
compassionate people who would glady support their parents. The sick
problem with the Left is that they have taken so much of our income to
pay for all their bankrupt social programs, that families have a hard
time saving money to support their parents. It's a viscious cycle.
[Posted by FromWithin at 2017-06-26T20:20:26+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

1)Why should someone else be forced to pay any of your bills against
their will? 2)99.99% of people in human history did not have what you
have, much less what you demand. 3)People ARE willing to help you with
the costs, so you are being a drama queen. 4)If you refuse to be
proactive on the issue, no one is obligated to help someone that never
speaks up or asks for help, which would be on you. I know liberals
think money and services should instantly fall from the sky, but they
don't. You might have to actually act to get what you want or need.
5)Is that hardcore? Yes. Life is hardcore. Life isn't fair, and life
isn't easy. Sometimes you have to man up and go get the goodies
yourself.
[Posted by brontoraptor at 2017-06-26T16:36:36+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

FRAUD you a 74 year old business owner that is an Atheist Jew from
Seattle. Now why are you going to run out of money at your age of 74 ?
Government benefits plus your Military benefits are all going to dry
up ? ROTFFLMMFAO
[Posted by outlaw60 at 2017-06-27T20:05:33+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

	Hello poochy boy: Yes, I am at 74 year old atheist Jew business owner
	living in Seattle. And you're my little poochy boy. Now go get this
	stick. excon
	[Posted by excon at 2017-06-28T02:12:48+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

		FRAUD you are going to die from old age when you run out of money now
		that is just too hilarious. Get back in the basement BOY !
		[Posted by outlaw60 at 2017-06-28T02:25:19+00:00 - Side: Is that what you want?]

Now FRAUD you need to read if you can. At one point in the town hall,
broadcast from the East Room by ABC news, a woman named Jane Sturm
told the story of her 105-year-old mother, who, at 100, was told by an
arrhythmia specialist that she was too old for a pacemaker. She ended
up getting a second option, and the operation, for which Ms. Sturm
credits her survival. "Look, the first thing for all of us to
understand that is we actually have some -- some choices to make about
how we want to deal with our own end-of-life care," Mr. Obama replied.
After discussing ways "we as a culture and as a society [can start] to
make better decisions within our own families and for ourselves," he
continued that in general "at least we can let doctors know and your
mom know that, you know what? Maybe this isn't going to help. Maybe
you're better off not having the surgery, but taking the painkiller."
Can you believe a DUMMY senator from Chicago knew so much about the
health of a people's ? Amazing isn't it
[Posted by outlaw60 at 2017-06-27T22:48:16+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

People must learn and/or be taught from an early age to recognise the
necessity to make provision for all contingencies including sickness
and old age during their wage earning years. Yes, there should be a
benefits safety net for the vulnerable and those who have temporarily
fallen on hard times. But, too many people spend their money on booze,
vacations and a lavish lifestyle. When old age catches up with them,
as it will for all of us who are sufficiently lucky, and their
lifestyle has left them broke, they bellow, hey, ''Mister Hardworking
Taxpayer'', you must provide for me as I blew all my dosh on wine,
women and song when I was younger. Why do these pathetic parasites
feel that the world owes them a living?
[Posted by Antrim at 2017-06-26T17:11:49+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

Excon: the Native American socialized system is evil, but the rest of
the country needs it too... Apparently a socialized system is good if
you are a liberal, but if you are a conservative Native American, you
should give the tribe back the benefits or reject them. What a joke.
[Posted by brontoraptor at 2017-06-27T19:15:54+00:00 - Side: Trump can DO no wrong]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
