Title: Why should we treat EVERYBODY for the coronavirus but nothing else??
Posted by excon
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/Why_should_we_treat_EVERYBODY_for_the_coronavirus_but_nothing_else

Comments:

Why should we treat EVERYBODY for the coronavirus but nothing else??
Well, I'd hazard to guess because it's only just crossed the species
barrier and hence humans have absolutely zero immunity to it.
[Posted by BurritoLunch at 2020-03-10T19:25:13+00:00 - Side: Makes NO sense to me]

	And it seems to like the taste of liberals and leftism, eh Nom?
	https://www.createdebate. com/debate/show/Everywhere the Coronavirus
	spread to had leftist border travel policies •••••
	https://www.createdebate. com/debate/show/Coronavirus enters the US
	through all of the leftist hotspots
	[Posted by BrontosGhost at 2020-03-10T19:37:00+00:00 - Side: Trump can do no wrong]

This is my body, i have the absolute right, to
live...................................
....................................... ....
[Posted by YeshuaBought at 2020-03-11T03:24:15+00:00 - Side: Makes NO sense to me]

Well Trump never said everyone would get treatment. He did say
everyone can get a test. Thats not treatment. I am not a Trump
defender at all. I do defend when incorrect statements are made.
[Posted by ChickenBeer at 2020-03-10T19:27:41+00:00 - Side: Trump can do no wrong]

	I do defend when incorrect statements are made. That's what
	differentiates us from them (i.e. Trump supporters).
	[Posted by BurritoLunch at 2020-03-10T19:29:43+00:00 - Side: Trump can do no wrong]

		Ooooo, lookie here folks. The guy who watches literally the least
		trusted fake news media outlets, is a protector of real
		information....
		[Posted by BrontosGhost at 2020-03-10T19:36:05+00:00 - Side: Makes NO sense to me]

			The guy who watches literally the least trusted fake news media
			outlets You aren't even trying to tell the truth, and that's what is
			so sad. It isn't even worth responding to you because you're just such
			an astonishing liar.
			[Posted by BurritoLunch at 2020-03-10T20:00:27+00:00 - Side: Trump can do no wrong]

				Pissed off that screaming Nazi at everything that moves is losing
				support for the left, eh Nom?
				[Posted by BrontosGhost at 2020-03-10T20:01:29+00:00 - Side: Makes NO sense to me]

	Thats not treatment. Hello Chicken: I'm not so sure.. What are they
	gonna do if some person with NO health insurance tests positive for
	coronavirus.. Are they just gonna send 'em home and tell 'em not to go
	shopping? I don't think so. excon
	[Posted by excon at 2020-03-10T22:24:58+00:00 - Side: Makes NO sense to me]

		Well you are speculating that if they do get treatment it is on the
		governments tab. Just like if someone has a heart attack with no
		insurance, they end up with a massive bill and often bankrupt. In
		addition only a small percentage of people who get coronavirus end up
		in the hospital, or require hospital care.
		[Posted by ChickenBeer at 2020-03-10T22:40:11+00:00 - Side: Makes NO sense to me]

		Are they just gonna send 'em home and tell 'em not to go shopping? I
		don't think so. Looks like our healthcare as it is worked again, eh
		Con?
		[Posted by BrontosGhost at 2020-03-10T23:00:31+00:00 - Side: Trump can do no wrong]

		NO health insurance tests positive for coronavirus.. Now Hillary or
		Bernie they could personally test every American for any virus.
		[Posted by Chinaman at 2020-03-11T01:23:08+00:00 - Side: Makes NO sense to me]

Stupid did you type this : Isn't that kinda like UNIVERSAL HEALTH
CARE?? Why are flu sufferers NOT getting free treatment? Dummy you
continue to show that you are Socialist. Walgreens now has flu shots
available in all of its pharmacies and Healthcare Clinics, including
Duane Reade pharmacies and Walgreens-owned Rite Aid pharmacies.
Walgreens offers free flu shots with most insurance. Flu shots are
available during pharmacy and clinic hours, seven days a week—no
appointment necessary. Why is it the Obamacare does not cover 350
million people ? What happened there Dummy ?
[Posted by Chinaman at 2020-03-11T01:14:00+00:00 - Side: Trump can do no wrong]

This disease represents a greater threat than any other. If you
dummies cannot recognise this fact then it's clear your brains have
shrunk even further since I was on here last. But then that's no
surprise.
[Posted by Kilcom at 2020-03-10T21:12:57+00:00 - Side: Trump can do no wrong]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
