Title: Capitalism Vs Socialism Vs Both Vs WTF IS SOCIALISM AND CAPITALISM?????????
Posted by TheCapConKid
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/Capitalism_Vs_Socialism_Vs_Both_Vs_WTF_IS_SOCIALISM_AND_CAPITALISM

Comments:

My side: Both How far I believe Socialism should go: I believe that
there should be a good balance between Capitalism and Socialism. An
efficient society should have an unemployment benefit, disabled
benefit, and some other necessary welfare benefits. I also believe
that there should be a minimum wage and a workers safety standard. How
far I believe Capitalism should go: I believe that there should be NO
income taxes, just a flat tax that everyone pays (meaning that the
janitor pays the same amount as the CEO). In doing so that would
increase the want to get higher in your career or further more, work
harder (that is of course for some people, others simply don't give a
shit).
[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	I support progressive income tax though. Other than that we agree. :)
	[Posted by instig8or at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		A progressive income tax is not fair for the wealthy who work their
		backs off the get more taxes than those with a lower income.
		[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			I think it is fair on the poor to keep everyone poor enough to one
			day strive to be richer than, so to say that one's parents being rich
			never guarantees one success over another of the next generation. To
			me the debate and centrism is in how heavily/steeply we do the taxing
			and how we efficiently use tax. The full socialist would state-run
			everything and any and all expenses would be dealt with by increasing
			taxation on the rich. I would strive to tax everyone as little as
			possible but to make sure that 80% of the cash is coming in from the
			top 1% at any given time.
			[Posted by instig8or at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				If everyone was poor than who would own the buisness that pay the
				poor an income?
				[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					The government.
					[Posted by instig8or at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						And this government would get that kind of money where? Do you
						realize how much that would cost? Or how much debt that would bring
						us?
						[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						And to answer my own question, assuming 1/3 of our population was
						working for the government and getting their pay from our government
						and getting a bottom of the barrel 50K a year that would cost us 5.3
						Trillion dollars a year! That's easily a third of our current debt
						that we have to pay every single year .
						[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	I believe that there should be NO income taxes, just a flat tax that
	everyone pays (meaning that the janitor pays the same amount as the
	CEO). In doing so that would increase the want to get higher in your
	career or further more, work harder (that is of course for some
	people, others simply don't give a shit). How do you plan to set a
	flat rate that is high enough to be effective and yet low enough that
	a minimum wage worker can survive?
	[Posted by pirateelfdog at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		For once you ask a good question.
		[Posted by instig8or at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Do you have an answer?
			[Posted by pirateelfdog at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				I support you, progressive tax all the way bro.
				[Posted by instig8or at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		I don't know how much a flat rate tax would have to make to be
		effective so until I know it will be very difficult to answer your
		question.
		[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Then I think you should be a little more skeptical before you endorse
			it.
			[Posted by pirateelfdog at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				Please tell me how much a flat tax would need to make to be effective
				because I'm to lazy to spend a lot of time researching that.
				[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					It depends on way too many factors to give a simple answer.
					[Posted by pirateelfdog at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						Okay than it would be impossible to answer your question because that
						too would require too many factors... Sounds good?
						[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							I think it is still easy to safely say that a flat tax would be a bad
							idea.
							[Posted by pirateelfdog at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

								Well than how would an income tax be high enough to be effective and
								still be low enough for small buisnesses to stay alive longer?
								[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

									One option to solve this problem is to have an income tax differ
									depending on different incomes.
									[Posted by pirateelfdog at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Glad to find another centrist. We are a rare species.
	[Posted by instig8or at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Yes, we are the world's rarest species....
		[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

The thing is, socialism has proven that it is successful, and based
on statistical data has worked better then capitalism, but for the
usa, I believe we are too far to go full social because the US is such
a different animal. The government could never reform into full
socialism without a radical change in mindset. But what we need people
to accept is that America is already a social-democracy. The US could
never have had the individuality or strength it has now with out
capitalism, but that doesn't mean socialism can't help (bernie2016) so
both is my side here.
[Posted by Feelthebern at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	In what instance has socialism actually worked? I have never heard of
	a socialist government that functions besides China. The only reasons
	that is the case is because they are privatizing.
	[Posted by nobodyknows at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		The entirety of western europe and Canada. :)
		[Posted by instig8or at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			As well as here in the U.S.. ALL our Fed/State/city govs are a social
			democratic system. We ALL kick in to get our snow removed, our roads
			fixed, our schools built! For those who say "We are a Republic!", so
			was The Union of Soviet Republics, the Republic of Cuba, The "Peoples"
			Republic of China, The Republic of Iran, The "Peoples " Republic of N.
			Korea etc.etc. Republics have largely failed, Social Democracies are
			growing.
			[Posted by AlofRI at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Socialism supports Capitalism in what ways ? A socialist economy is
based on the principle of production for use, to directly satisfy
economic demand and human needs, and objects are valued by their use-
value, as opposed to the principle of production for profit and
accumulation of capital.
[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	I don't recall anyone saying Socialism supports Capitalism
	[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		How does Socialism work with Capitalism ? A socialist economy is
		based on the principle of production for use, to directly satisfy
		economic demand and human needs, and objects are valued by their use-
		value, as opposed to the principle of production for profit and
		accumulation of capital.
		[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			How does Socialism work with Capitalism ? Via hybrid systems. A
			socialist economy is based on the principle of production for use, to
			directly satisfy economic demand and human needs, and objects are
			valued by their use-value, as opposed to the principle of production
			for profit and accumulation of capital. In theory that is indeed
			correct. But one could apply that concept within a limited number of
			fields based on the public good vs public cost dichotomy while
			maintaining an overall capitalist economic system.
			[Posted by GenericName at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				Socialism does not maintain a capitalist economic system. But do show
				it does ?
				[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					Nobody, including myself, ever made any claim remotely related to
					that.
					[Posted by GenericName at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					China, being a communist nation has a great GDP that will
					theoretically take become higher than America's GDP. Communism=More
					Extremist Form Of Socialism
					[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				A socialist economy is based on the principle of production for use,
				to directly satisfy economic demand and human needs, and objects are
				valued by their use-value, as opposed to the principle of production
				for profit and accumulation of capital. Socialism maintains a
				capitalist economic system ?
				[Posted by outlaw60 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					Again, I never claimed that socialism maintains a capitalist economy
					system. I said that a state can apply socialism in a limited scope
					whilst maintaining a capitalist economic system. This has been
					demonstrated by the Social Democracies in Scandinavia.
					[Posted by GenericName at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						Scandinavia is where? I've never heard of it. Not saying that it
						doesn't exist I just would be interested to know where, sounds like it
						would be near Greece or Italy
						[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							Scandinavia is the peninsula in northern Europe that includes
							Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Finland.
							[Posted by GenericName at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

								Ah ok, I thought it was it's own country.
								[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

My feeling is that Capitalism and Socialism are both based on
oversimplified models for human behavior. Each system is designed for
certain modes of human behavior, but they do not take into account all
possible modes for human behavior--in both, there will be people who
severely abuse the system. Two things are needed; better models for
human behavior, and a new system that is flexible enough to adapt to
groups of people that do not fit our models. I propose that instead of
arguing over which system/ideology is best, we should instead focus on
better understanding human behavior and adapting our economies and
systems of government as our understanding improves. While this may
not be a concrete solution, I believe that this is an attitude that
can bring real progress. Of course, this must happen before people in
a given society become too ideologically entrenched to adopt new
attitudes...
[Posted by jacko at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

PHEW! That's a lot of rules! Likely from one who wants the government
to stop making rules. Anyway, Our Federal Government, State
Governments, Local Governments, have ALL been under a social
democratic system since a Republican, Teddy Roosevelt, destroyed the
conservative oligarchy formed by the Rockefellers, Vanderbuilts and
(damn! I can never think of the third billionaires name!). Anyway,
oil, steel and railroad! Now, we ALL put money into the "kitty" to
build and repair roads, bridges, remove snow and garbage, build
schools and hospitals, support police, fire and ambulance services
(not to mention "Social" Security), That is democratic socialism. In
"Capitalism", major industries are controlled by individuals or
corporations, and without government regulation the "oligarchy" would
return in a flash! Corporations would NOT "own" National Parks,
N.A.S.A., the CDC, prisons or schools, unless THEY could reap a
profit! That would funnel all money into the accounts of the
Oligarchist's who would say: "You want a job?, This is what we pay,
like it, or lump it! You want to eat??" I'll take democratic socialism
any day!
[Posted by AlofRI at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	PHEW! That's a lot of rules! Likely from one who wants the government
	to stop making rules. I am only enforcing two of them, meaning that
	only two of them are actual rules. The rest are ones that are not that
	important but it would be appreciated if you follow them. Anyway, Our
	Federal Government, State Governments, Local Governments, have ALL
	been under a social democratic system since a Republican, Teddy
	Roosevelt, destroyed the conservative oligarchy formed by the
	Rockefellers, Vanderbuilts and (damn! I can never think of the third
	billionaires name!). Anyway, oil, steel and railroad! Now, we ALL put
	money into the "kitty" to build and repair roads, bridges, remove snow
	and garbage, build schools and hospitals, support police, fire and
	ambulance services (not to mention "Social" Security), That is
	democratic socialism. In "Capitalism", major industries are controlled
	by individuals or corporations, and without government regulation the
	"oligarchy" would return in a flash! Corporations would NOT "own"
	National Parks, N.A.S.A., the CDC, prisons or schools, unless THEY
	could reap a profit! That would funnel all money into the accounts of
	the Oligarchist's who would say: "You want a job?, This is what we
	pay, like it, or lump it! You want to eat??" Totally agree with you on
	those things.
	[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Achieving, or agreeing a balance between capitalism and socialism is
always going to be difficult juggling act because they are both based
on opposing ideologies. Socialism with a capital S works fine
providing they have someone else's dosh to spend. Capitalism with a
capital C is driven by profit and reasons that the means always
justifies the end. Over taxing the wealth generators and/or the job
creating entrepreneurs will simply drive them away, or force them to
engineer their business affairs so that their taxes are paid in a
country, such as Ireland, where the rate of corporation tax is
significantly lower than most western nations. A nation's ability to
provide good public services and social benefits is dependent on it's
industry and commerce generating sufficient tax revenue to pay for
them. The problem arises when such benefits as unemployment and
sickness entitlement become a way of life and instead of acting as a
safety net becomes a hammock. Britain, where welfareism and socialism
smothered the work ethic by convincing people that there really is
something for nothing, and stifled enterprise was saved only by the
massive influx of immigrants, most of whom were prepared to work hard
and hadn't been ''welfareized'' by successive socialist governments
and the job destroying unions. The British owned automobile industry
was ruined by the power crazed unions before Margret Thatcher brought
them into line. The U.S.A, achieved it's position as the greatest
nation on earth as a result of the self reliance, innovative
enterprise and work ethic of it's people. Introducing benefits which
would make it easier to drop out of the ''rat race'' will see the
demise of America's industrial and military dominance. This must never
be allowed to happen.
[Posted by Winklepicker at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

I support flat tax! I think we should pool our resources as far as
healthcare. I don't think we should give poor people money - maybe
food but not money. Capitalism with some restraint is what I call it.
But we shouldn't play "make it take it" capitalism. I never liked that
make it take it ball when I was kid
[Posted by Slavedevice at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

I support flat tax! I think we should pool our resources as far as
healthcare. I don't think we should give poor people money - maybe
food but not money. Capitalism with some restraint is what I call it.
But we shouldn't play "make it take it" capitalism. I never liked that
make it take it ball when I was kid
[Posted by Slavedevice at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	I'll ask the question again: How do you plan to set a flat rate that
	is high enough to be effective and yet low enough that a minimum wage
	worker can survive?
	[Posted by pirateelfdog at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

I believe in a mix too. We must do some basic humanitarian things,
but for most part I believe in free market - it drives motivation and
creativity
[Posted by Slavedevice at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Capitalism, hands down. Capitalism, free trade, and free movement of
labor have improved living conditions moreso than any economic system
to date, including socialism. Not to mention that the labor theory of
value doesn't hold up to empirical or theoretical scrutiny. I don't
understand this "both" option, unless people are implying that some
means of production ought be handled by laborers, and other means of
production handled by capital holders. A general synthesis of the two
doesn't really exist as far as I know. Mutualism and Market
Syndicalism come close, but are based on completely different
principles.
[Posted by ShanklinR95 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Both would mean centrism. Okay let me show you something, Africa has
	some of the most capitalist countries in the world. But where is the
	wealth and splendor you say comes with Capitalism? Then let us look
	toward Scandanavia (Sweden, Norway, Denmark) they are very socialist
	and are some of the wealthiest countries in the world. In fact Sweden
	has the highest ratio of millionaires and non-millionaires out of any
	other country.
	[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

If you respect property rights you should be against socialism. If
you don't respect property rights, why do you think the government
would do a better job than individual citizens at managing property?
Or if you think private property shouldn't exist at all, then what
will be the incentive for individuals to succeed and innovate? A pat
on the back and good feelings?
[Posted by Hanyuchan at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Much of Europe is now under Democratic Socialism. I haven't seen (or
	heard of) any who have lost their property. Communism is what causes
	you to lose property, socialism has been used as a TOOL by communism
	to make people think they live under "The Peoples Government" and are
	protected by "The Peoples Army". Under Democratic Socialism, those are
	FACTS.
	[Posted by AlofRI at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		I think you mean Social Democracy, not Democratic Socialism. You're
		also forgetting, or you just didn't know, that Marxism splits property
		into private and personal property, where personal property consists
		of your belongings as an individual, and private property consists of
		the ownership of the means of production. Marxists want to socialize
		private property, not personal property.
		[Posted by ShanklinR95 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Boredom and the need for recognition are all the motivation anyone
	needs to show off and innovate. :)
	[Posted by instig8or at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Only communism did that, and if you think otherwise name one event
	where that did occur.
	[Posted by TheCapConKid at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
